I think right now the street really is
more focused about the risk tied to AI.
>> We've got what I call AI derangement
syndrome
>> right now. Everyone focus on the losers.
How AI is going to hurt.
>> It's just hard to really square this
momentum, the sentiment.
>> We need more diversification away from
technology. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with [music] Jonathan
Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and An Marie
Hordern
>> live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Friday, a Domino falls. Jack
Dorsey's blog taking a massive bet on
AI, slashing its workforce, cutting
almost 50% of its staff. Dorsy writing
this. The intelligence tools we are
creating paired with smaller and flatter
teams are enabling a new way of working.
On a call to analysts, he had a warning
for the competition. I don't think we're
early to this realization. I think most
people are late. And the stock move may
help others get there even sooner. Block
is absolutely surging up almost 20% in
the pre-market.
>> This story encapsulates [music] the
entirety of the week to me and frankly
of this year, which is the key debate.
How much is AI going to cannibalize from
human labor and leave the jobs [music]
market with big holes? And how much are
we looking at a lot of companies that
are using AI as an excuse [music] to get
rid of underperformance, especially if
they overhired? On one hand, you've got
the doomcroller saying that this is the
telegraphing of what is to come at other
companies, and this is how you monetize
it. On the other hand, they're saying,
"Well, Block was down 25% last year and
down 16% so far this year, was bloated
and was trying to trim around the edges.
AI a convenient."
>> So, which one is it? And we can get into
it. That's the debate right now. [music]
Is this a domino or the first domino?
And there's more to follow. or is this
just trimming post-pandemic [music]
bloat at the company?
>> It's like a band-aid. And if you think
AI is going to be that disruptive and
you're an executive, do you just rip it
off quickly or do you want to do a slow,
gradual, [music] basically depreciation
of your workforce, but not just what
it's been down in terms of the stock for
[music] the past year, down more than
70% over the past 5 years. So, I find it
a little bit interesting that Jack
Dorsey says none of this has to do with
financial.
>> This quote is doing a lot of heavy
lifting from Jack Dorsey. We're not
making this decision because we're in
trouble. Our business is strong. Gross
profit continues to grow.
>> And this is a reason why people are some
of them are actually getting spooked and
why it is making the rounds because it
is speaking to something that people
already feel. How do you monetize AI
ultimately with greater efficiency? How
does that lead to monetization? Either
broadening your footprint and getting
more business, consolidating market
share, or laying people off and having
the AI bots do what they're doing. Look,
whether Block is actually doing this
purely because of technological
advancements and this actually is a road
map [music] is almost besides the point.
The fact that it has taken on a life of
its own in markets tells you the mood of
markets and just how self-conscious
everybody out there is right now.
>> This is a green light. I'd go one step
further. This could be a green light for
others to follow. This could be cover
just to make the cut you've been waiting
to make. Particularly with a move like
that in the pre-market up by close to
20%. It's difficult to imagine [music]
they'll be the only ones regardless of
whether this is post-pandemic blow or
this is the real deal.
>> But that's the reason why it's so hard
to delineate which is which. [music] And
this is the reason why so many people
have said, "Yeah, there are big
companies that have come out. There was
one in Australia saying something very
similar, saying it's so difficult to
know whether that's actually the case or
whether it's convenient excuse. Oh, it's
not us doing badly. Oh, it's not our
fault. We're just subject to the new
technology that's being bestowed upon
us." At the same time, the fallout seems
to be [music] considerable. It's just
that it's not here right now. It seems
like this has been the most existential
week in markets I've ever experienced
and all the doom scrolling and different
uh substacks on Twitter. I've gotten
totally lost in them. It seems like
everybody is okay. Do you need some
time?
>> I think I'll take some time.
>> I think Edgar Denny [music] would say
you might have
>> what is it?
100% I do. Absolutely. But then you have
to think I wish Edgar Denny was on
today. What would he say to Jack Dorsey
[music] and this message that he posted,
this statement about how much he is just
relieving of the workforce because bots
are going to take their jobs.
>> It's a massive move from Block and Jack
Dorsey. We'll talk about it throughout
this morning. The name is higher by
close to 20% in the pre-market. Coming
up this hour, we'll catch up with Steven
Federated with the S&P heading for a
small monthly loss. Dan Doof of Manuo as
block slashes almost half of its staff
and Krishna of Everore as the Fed weighs
tax impact on the labor market. We begin
this out with stocks sliding following
yesterday's chip route. Steven off the
federated lowering its year-end price
target on the S&P to 7500 and writing
this. The sell-off was overdue given the
violence of the last few weeks. We
remain cautious on software names as
many are potential value traps. Steve
joins us now for more. Steve, welcome to
the program. I've been looking forward
to catching up with you, sir. Really
interesting note. I think we should
start from this. You are not bearish.
You still think earnings are going to be
okay. This seems to be a call on
valuation. Steve, just share with us
your thoughts about how your thoughts on
valuations are developing and comparing
now to maybe where we were a few decades
ago.
>> Yeah, Jonathan, actually, the piece you
cited was really inspired by a
conversation you all were having on
surveillance a couple of weeks ago about
the confusion around the macros seem to
be pretty good yet the market is having
trouble. And I think the what what we're
saying is the reason the macros are
pretty good. Um, but the problem with
the market right now is that there's a
whole hunk of it that was dependent on
two different arguments for why it
should have a higher valuation. One is
the MAG 7 were giant free cash flow
generators with big moes around them.
And free cash flow is worth more in
terms of a dollar earnings than an asset
heavy company because the dollars that
come right back to the shareholders.
supposed to have to be reinvested in the
grand or big piece of a big asset and
the MAG 7 are no longer free cash flow
generators at least for the present
because they're spending 80% of it 90%
of it uh on AI and the debate around
Nvidia versus the Mag 7 the rest of the
mag 7 is is this going to go on forever
or is this a one-off and that debate's
really not settled so you've lost the
free cash flow and then on top of that
you've got all these assetike businesses
block being a perfect example that you
know a couple guys in a garage coding
software and that they were all the rage
for the last 10 years because you didn't
need any assets at all to generate
earnings. It's all intellectual capital
uh that you're selling at very high
margins and the question is can those
margins hold up in a world where your
competitor is now AI not a software
engineer and so those businesses are
under pressure and the valuation is is a
question mark and so when you put the
two together the valuation the idea of a
fair valuation on the S&P we think is
lower than it was six months ago. So,
we've cut, you know, we've increased our
earnings forecast. Actually, we're at
410 uh three years out now on earnings,
which is ahead of the street a little
bit because the macros look good. But a
lot of that acceleration in earnings is
coming outside of the set of stocks I
just talked about. it's coming in lo and
behold the asset heavy businesses um you
know that are actually doing pretty well
which by the way includes Europe and
Japan and Asia and Korea um which I know
you guys have also been talking about
but a lot of those businesses are the
very businesses that are enjoying part
of this pickup they're beneficiaries of
AI and they're less prone to being
cannibalized by AI
>> so Steve as you know for a long time for
much of the last decade the US equity
market the index has demanded a greater
valuation, a higher premium compared to
the rest of the world. Is that eroding
before our eyes? Is that something
that's not repairable given the shifts
that you describe?
>> Uh well, I I think it's still going to
probably attain a premium for what it's
worth. We've cut our long-term estimate
on the multiple for the market from 22
to 20. Uh whereas everything else we'd
still say roughly call it 18. So we
think it's still a premium for one
because it's got a more wholesome uh
capital market, more flexible etc. And
you know we've kind of exaggerated to
make a point on asset light high free
cash flow sooner or later the big mag
seven companies will start generating
cash flow. either AI again, free cash
flow, either AI is going to work and
they're going to have a lot more profits
or it's not going to work and they're
going to pull back and generate free
cash flow that way. So, one of the
things that's I think attractive about
the Mag 7 here and we think you can sort
of pick within those, we like Amazon as
an example right now, but um you know,
one thing that's attractive about it is
at some point they they they still are
their base businesses are still very
very profitable and they can just return
to that if they have to. So, you're not
dealing with a mirage in terms of what
you've got here and no one else really
has that. So yeah, I think you're right.
The premium's probably lower than it
was, but it's we still think there's a
reason to have a premium there. We just
have cut it back. And really what we're
trying to signal to our clients is we're
probably in a kind of singledigit return
market here, not a double-digit return
market. And if that's the case, that
changes how you what kind of stocks you
want to own. you know, as an example,
dividend stocks, which are a big hunk of
the value indices, you can get half your
return in cash, basically, or at least a
third of it. And um, you know, that
starts to look a lot more attractive, a
3 or 4% dividend yield against an eight
or nine% market as opposed to against a
15 or 20% market.
>> The story you're saying, you're telling,
Steve, seems to benefit companies that
are harder to disrupt. I don't
understand why Nvidia isn't among those.
I don't understand what happened
yesterday. Why the shares are down 5 and
a half% after delivering earnings that
beat expectations with 75% margins and
talking about, you know, ongoing
pipeline that's really significant.
What's the tell for markets in terms of
this response to earnings that otherwise
were pretty good,
>> right, Lisa? One of the issues is
there's not one narrative here.
So the harder to disrupt narrative
that's really kind of the software names
high intellectual capital names. Nvidia
is not a completely assetike business.
It's a high free cash flow generator and
it falls into that yolk. Nvidia is in
some ways the primary beneficiary of the
AI buildout, right? I mean everyone
needs their chips and it's a pretty
powerful story. That's why the stock has
done so well in the last five years. But
the debate around AI kind of centers on
Nvidia in a way, right? Either of these
Mag Seven companies, they would say,
"Hey, we're kind of in a one-off
spending cycle here. Once we get to
Nirvana, we'll be back to being high
free cash flow generators." If that's
the case, where's Nvidia going to sell
to?
Right? Because they've got to replace
last year's sale first before they even
start next year's sale. So, um, on the
other hand, if this is going to go on
forever, and if you listen to Wang, he
would say it's going to last 10 years,
well, then Nvidia is a a screaming buy
here because it's the only player in
town. Maybe you could say AMD. So,
there's a real debate around Nvidia
right now. It's not a stock we hate,
frankly. We would still be involved with
that stock for that reason. Um, it's not
it's not going to get cannibalized here.
That's not going to happen. The question
is, are is AI going to work?
>> Yeah.
>> And is it going to keep growing out? And
if it does, Nvidia is a screaming buyer.
>> Steve, I just want to finish up. I know
you're a really deep thinker, and I'm
sure you've been following some of these
substacks and some of the arguments uh
and discussions around the future of the
labor market and humanity in the wake of
AI. What's been your response to this
week and sort of the increasing flurry
that kicked off Sunday evening with
Catrini's research and then you know
spurred all of the rebuttals and then
the pile on?
>> Well, one reason we've been signaling to
our investors, look, there's a violent
rotation we're in the middle of more to
come is we don't want people to panic
when that happens. So, frankly, we're
not in a panic as you might might guess
because we're probably mostly tilted
where we want to be. Um, in terms of the
Catrini research, it's very interesting,
but frankly, I may be a deep thinker,
but I don't know that I have the
imagination fully to guess where this
economy is going to go. But what I know
from watching the history of economic
development over the last 500 years,
every time there's a major invention
that disrupts the current status quo and
the economy grows as a result of the
efficiencies and productivity
enhancements that happen, and this is
huge this time around for sure. somehow
or other those XXX [clears throat] uh
personnel, if you will, get redeployed
to even a higher value added activity
and the economy grows even more. And I
just got to believe that there's a lot
of entrepreneurs out there that are
going to figure out a way to use those
very high talented, you know, white
collar workers to do even more. And I I
know within our own business, we're
seeing that at Federated Hermes, and I
think a lot of other businesses are
seeing the same thing. So, it it's not
necessarily the case. Um, I I think it's
the folks that don't have the
imagination that are left expecting, you
know, the the doomsday scenario. I don't
I just don't see that. It's never
happened before, and I don't think it's
going to happen now.
>> Steve, I'm not a doctor, but it doesn't
sound like you've got AI derangement
syndrome. It's good to see you, sir.
Steve Or at Federated Hermes. The latest
on the equity market. Fantastic note
from Steve and a team. Well worth a look
through.
>> Yeah. Are you saying that in other
words, other people do have some people?
You know, I feel a lot better after
listening to that. You know, the human
creativity will reign supreme. And this
is sort of the counterargument. Look,
yes, he is talking about the asset light
and asset heavy and he's talking about
much more uh, you know, quotidian things
that we could actually focus on.
>> The index has changed. Yeah.
>> And the valuation this index demands is
is shifting and we're all trying to keep
up with that. Futures this morning on
the S&P negative by about 4/10en of 1%
with an update on stories worldwide this
morning. There are many with your
Bloomberg brief. Yhierra has more. Hey,
Yahara.
>> Yes, John. And we start with Block.
Those shares are trading higher in the
pre-market, up more than 18%. The
company announcing it's cutting its
workforce by nearly half or 4,000
employees. CEO Jack Dorsey [music]
saying AI is changing the future of
labor productivity, adding, I don't
think we're early to this realization. I
think most companies are late. Within
the next year, the majority of companies
will make similar structural changes.
Meanwhile, Anthropic rejecting the
Pentagon's latest offer in a dispute
over safeguards around the use of its AI
technology by the military. The company
insisting [music] it doesn't want its
technology used for surveillance of US
citizens or autonomous lethal strikes.
Anthropic has until 5:01 p.m. Eastern
today to give in to the Pentagon's
demands or be labeled a supply chain
risk.
and Netflix dropping out of the bidding
war for Warner Brothers Discovery. The
move clearing the way for Paramount
Skyance to buy the Hollywood studio.
[music] Netflix saying the deal is no
longer financially attractive after
Paramount's latest $31 a share offer.
That's been brief, John.
>> Hey, Yahara. Thank you. Thanks for the
update. More from Yhara later this hour.
Up next on the program, the job loss
debate.
>> AI is solving tasks. AI is not replacing
jobs. This whole idea that a AI
revolution is going to replace all of
us, I think it is just wildly
exaggerated.
>> Jack Dorsey [music] might have other
ideas. Dan Doof of Missou joins us next
live from New York City this morning.
Good morning.
such a strange month. Futures down
[music] about 4/10en of 1% at the moment
and on the month down by a similar
amount coming into Friday. And if we
decline at those kind of levels, even
down by 4/10en of 1% on the month, the
biggest monthly loss since April of
2025. That tells you how good this index
has had it, going through 25 and into
26. Those gains have stalled. The NASDAQ
is down by a third. The Russell is down
by 9/10 of 1%. Lots of stock stories out
there. Let's talk about the big race for
Warner Brothers. So, Paramount [music]
wins. Or did they? Netflix investors
have other ideas. That stock is up by
more than 8% [music] in the pre-market.
Netflix coming out and saying that we
don't think that this is financially
worth our time. They dropped out after
Paramount's bid [music] uh for I believe
$111 billion for the Warner Brothers
name. Now the question goes to
regulators. They've got a $7 billion
breakup fee in terms of any questions
around regulation. What is Congress
going to say about uniting CBS and CNN
at a time when this is clearly on
[music] everyone's mind? Congress is
going to say it is a antirust disaster.
At least one individual in Congress,
Senator Elizabeth Warren. This is going
to be incredibly [music] complicated the
next few months and there's a target on
this back of this deal
>> and we'll keep tracking that story.
We're tracking this too blocking the
pre-market. What a move we're seeing in
early trading and higher by almost 20%
under surveys this morning. The job loss
debate.
AI is solving tasks. AI is not replacing
jobs. And we all in our jobs, some have
fewer tasks in their jobs, some have
more tasks in their jobs. But there
really is very few people if anyone in
the US economy who only have one task.
This whole idea that AI revolution is
going to replace all of us. I think it
is just widely exaggerated.
>> So here's the latest this morning. Block
taking a big bet on AI labor
productivity slashing nearly half of its
workforce. The co-founder and CEO Jack
Dorsey saying I think most companies are
late. Within the next year I believe the
majority of companies will reach the
same conclusion. Dan Doof of Missouo has
an outperformed rating on the stock with
a $100 price target. Dan joins us now
for more. Dan, welcome to the program.
Jack Dorsey says something has changed.
Dan, what's changed?
>> Um, well, I mean, the fact of the
matter, the key question here is how
much of it is really AI versus and I I
believe I've seen tweets by by uh Block
that they've overhired, right? So, I
mean, there's definitely an AI component
here. And there it's clear he said I
think on the call yesterday that
something happened in December the
models got a lot better. I think it's
the answer is probably not kind of black
or white. The answer is probably like
there's some component here that's
AIdriven and efficiency driven but some
component of just natural trimming of
the you know portfolio of employees.
>> Well Dan you know the business better
than most. Take us inside the company
right now. How do you draw a distinction
between it being one versus the other?
Well, the key I mean I I look at
actually I look at some precedents,
right? You look at when Elon took over
and and I'll get to your question in a
second, but when you when you look at
when Elon took over Twitter, I mean,
didn't they fire like 50% of the
employees and that was not AIdriven? It
was just bloated, right? But in terms of
the company itself, right, like they're
all remote, right, for for uh Blocker
Square, everyone's fully remote. I think
Jack after co said fully remote forever.
So the question is like I would say not
so much the number of employees but the
efficacy of the employee base right I
don't know the answer to that but there
must be something there in terms of
productivity that they're adjusting
>> Dan what's the template for other
software companies and financial
services companies that you cover in
terms of whether they're going to have
to execute similar cuts even if they're
not entirely due to AI but just for
efficiency drives at a time when the
focus is how do you monetize some of
this new technology and not become um
victim to it.
Yeah, I think it's a great question
because I it you know what I'm hearing
since yesterday at uh 4 pm whenever they
reported is everyone's worried and and I
think this is kind of reverberating
throughout the entire at least my
universe the payments you know fintech
crypto universe you know it sets a
precedent to to everyone else right like
if you think about Jack Dorsey and I've
followed him for a long time right
co-founder of Twitter he's always very
very early and and that's the that's the
worry here is that there might be some
of it. I I think the extent here, to
your point, I think the extent here is
not entirely AI. There's definitely some
trimming that is they said AI, but it's
not entirely AI, but you're going to see
some of this across the board in other
companies as well.
>> Is this what's required to actually get
software off the ground? In other words,
if you start to see some pretty
significant layoff announcements across
the board, will that get people more
excited about the sector? Again,
>> I mean the judge if you're judging by
squares per or block, sorry, I'm dating
myself here, but [laughter] uh it's you
know, at least they didn't change the
name today. How about this? This is a
good news. Same name. [laughter] Um but
um I guess chopping the block or
something. I don't know. Maybe that
that's the new name.
>> I thought of it as square too, Dan. When
I first saw the tweet, I was like, isn't
this just square? Are they just going to
Are they just going to you think more
companies are just going to use AI now
just to trim the fat?
Yes. Yes. I I I 100% agree. But yeah, I
mean if if you think about the going
back to your other question, if you
think about, you know, the the response
of the market and I think it's fading a
little bit. It was up like 25 plus%
pre-market. Now it's up 18 19. I think
[snorts] people are going to look at it
and say, "Hey, am I going to get a stock
bump by just saying that I'm cutting the
workforce because of AI?" So I think
that's the fear is more just more of
just like a popular sport of trying to
get your stock up.
>> It's what we said at the top of the
program. Will this inspire others to do
exactly the same thing? Dan, when you
heard from Jack Dorsey yesterday, were
you given a picture of how these savings
will be used, what they'll do with this
capital, this money?
>> Not really. And that's actually a great
question. So, we're going to be digging
into this like in the next coming days.
The key question that I'm hearing from
investors, you know, and the
institutional investors like what's the
ROI here and how much of it is going to
be reinvested into the company. So I
think I don't think there's a clear
answer from the company of how much of
this is really being used for for
further you know future growth or just
you know giving more IBIDA or operating
income to to uh to the uh shareholders.
>> Dan, can we finish on the human debate?
Can I just squeeze in this question? We
see Square and I'm used to calling it
Square still in retailers across the
country. How much of a relationship
business are they in? How much do you
need people to speak to the retailers?
get in touch with them, visit
>> that's that's the most important
question and I can tell you that's the
reason if you think about like some of
the other competitors like you know
toast or you know anyone that you know
Global Payments great company you know
Fizer with Clover is a great company
there's a huge human touch here let me
just give you one example if you're
running a restaurant and it's 12 a.m. or
whatever midnight and the point of sale,
you know, just goes breaks up. You don't
care about a bot answering. You want to
make sure that your restaurant keeps
working. So, there's a massive human
relationship touch to this entire
merchant acquiring space that people
don't appreciate and if they cut too
much, Square does or then it might
backfire because of that human touch
element.
>> Dan, I appreciate your time. Thanks for
making time for us this morning. Dan
Doof there of Missouo. We asked the
question about 30 minutes ago. Is this
about trimming the fat, the
post-pandemic bloat? Is this the real
deal? I think Dan's point is we're not
sure yet. It could be a bit of both.
>> And it could be a good excuse for others
to do the same as we were talking about
earlier. This idea that essentially if
you want a cosmetic bounce to your stock
and you're a software company, why don't
you announce five people getting laid
off because of AI and everybody will
cheer.
>> It's quite a bounce and it's more than
five people up by 18% in the pre-market.
Coming up, we'll catch up with each
person of the Brookings Institution on
dollar dominance. Plus, Yahara has your
morning mover as shares of block or
square soaring after a massive workforce
cut. That name absolutely surging.
Equities still within a few percentage
points of alltime highs. State side
equities this morning negative by 4/10en
of 1%. Vicious moves this month beneath
the surface. We'll spend some time on
[music] that for you throughout this
morning. Heading towards the close of
February on the NASDAQ, we're down a
third of 1%. As we close out this month,
take a look at the scores year to date
worldwide. The Footsie, the NIK, the
Cosby, the Footsie 100 up by close to
10% year to date today. The Nickeby
up by 48. South Korean equities up by
20% this month.
>> Yeah. and up about 50% so far this year
at a time when people are looking to the
likes of Samsung [music] and saying,
"Well, actually, they're perfect because
they're less disruptible than some of us
tech." And guess what? They're on a
discount. Jim Reed put out a great chart
yesterday of Deutsche Bank talking about
how these stocks have moved from cheap
[music] to world beating to now
expensive. And today on the margins, you
did see record global bond fund managers
scale or stock fund managers sell in
Korean markets because they want to
capitalize on these gains.
>> Massive focus on this. I think it's a
bright light on international the out
performance in international equities
right now. Not enough focus on this.
Take a look at bond yields. [music] Twos
1030s 10's on the month down by 25 basis
[music] points. 10's this morning 398.
That is a major move.
>> You have 10ear yields sub [music] 4% at
the lowest levels going back to November
of last year. What is the bond market
telling us? And this is what everyone
keeps wondering. Is the bond market
signifying that there is weakness? Is it
signifying this massive disinflation or
is it signifying maybe that there is
going to be ongoing sort of global
pressure on bond yields at a time when
we're using deficit spending to build
things out? I mean, I'm not sure that I
totally understand this move and I'm not
sure that I'm getting full cohesive
explanations elsewhere.
>> I'm more surprised by just how little
attention it's attracting that we've
drifted through four. Wouldn't you
expect headlines all over the place this
morning about breaking 4% on tents?
>> It doesn't cohhere with any narrative,
John. What [music] would you do after
that? It broke through 4%. Then what? Is
it because of the Fed? No. Is it because
of something that the Treasury
Department is doing? No. Is it because
you think that the global growth is
going to fall off a cliff? No. It's just
sort of grinding lower and it doesn't
really cohhere to any other narrative.
So, people are just letting it go
>> in the face of all these reasons for
yields
>> to go to be higher.
>> Correct.
>> It's notable. We're down by two basis
points to the long end of the curve. As
we count you down to the opening bow,
three hours away. Let's get you some
morning movers. Yahara has more. Hey,
Yahara.
>> Hi, John. Hollywood's big bidding war
just ended and investors are cheering
both sides. Both Paramount Sky Dance and
Netflix soaring in the pre-market after
Netflix walked away from its bid [music]
for Warner Brothers Discovery, giving
Paramounts the inside track on a $111
billion mega deal that if approved
[music] by regulators could redefine who
owns Hollywood's most valuable
franchises with David Ellison at the
center of it all. Uh meanwhile, we are
seeing shares of Block soaring uh more
than nearly 18% in the pre-market,
trimming some of its gains after Jack
Dorsey announced one of the biggest
restructurings [music] or boldest
restructurings yet in the age of AI,
saying that they will slash nearly half
of its workforce, arguing that with its
AI tools, it could do more with fewer
people. And while Block has struggled in
the past, it just came off a solid
earnings report and management is
arguing it is doing this from a position
of strength. The bigger question now is
this the start of something bigger? More
companies following suit. Uh Jack Dorsey
sure seems to think so. [music] And we
end on Core. It's a sharp selloff there.
Shares are down 11% after it unveiled
massive [music] spending plans up to $35
billion of capex in 2026. something we
know investors have been quick to punish
especially if you're not living up to
the hype and that was the case for
coreweave. [music] Uh it posted a deeper
loss than expected but CEO Mike intrader
made clear he is unapologetic about how
much money they're spending. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
More from Yihara later this hour.
[music] Speaking of interest rates, some
good news on the mortgage front. The
average 30-year mortgage in this country
sliding below 6%. The first time we've
seen that since 2022. This time last
year that number was much closer to
seven. and we're right on the brink of
spring selling season. So, some
encouraging signs on that front.
>> Yeah, let's see if that actually uh
travels through to some of the numbers
that we've [music] been seeing so far.
The housing market just hasn't gotten
off the foot. I mean, Home Depot and
Lowe's just reiterated that given the
fact that there just hasn't been that
catalyst to [music] really reignite the
market.
>> I saw this from Red Fin Lisa just the
other day, this stat right here. Nearly
one in seven home sales are falling
through a record for this time of the
year.
>> Yeah. And the fact that you haven't seen
people solidify, you have seen this
trend that has been growing. You also
have seen the sales turnover [music] at
the lowest rates that we've seen since
2009. I mean, it's really been a
dramatic market and this is really a key
point for the frankly the political
season.
>> Labor market anxiety skyhigh right now.
I imagine that's influencing the way
people approach some of these deals in
the housing market. More on that [music]
a little bit later. On our radar this
morning, London's market financial
solutions is collapsing, leaving giants
like Barclays and Jeff scrambling. The
fall echoing recent failures in the US
adding to fears that global banks are
unable to detect massive collateral
fraud. Elsewhere, Block slashing its
workforce by nearly half, cutting 4,000
employees. The CEO Jack Dorsey saying AI
is changing the future of labor
productivity. Shares of Block surging in
pre-market trading higher by more than
18%. And finally, Netflix officially
dropping out of the Warner Brothers
bidding war. The streaming giant saying
the deal is no longer financially
attractive following Paramount's latest
offer of $31 a share. This is
fascinating on a couple of different
fronts. First of all, this was more
existential for Paramount versus
Netflix. Paramount saw them as losing
dominance to the Netflix and the Disneys
of the world. So, they had more of an
incentive to over bid potentially uh at
least at least in Netflix's eyes. So,
they won at least in the bidding war.
Now, the question is the regulatory
front and how much push back they're
going to get given the fact this really
is some of the major news networks and
it's a consolidation of a lot of what
we've seen coming out of Hollywood.
>> And that'll be center stage next week.
There's a judiciary committee uh and
they're going to be back there for a
hearing. This is March 4th. And once
again, Senator Cy Booker has extended an
invitation, I believe, to David Ellison,
not the father, but David. Not sure if
he's going to be attending. But speaking
of attendance, you have seen a massive
push, not just from Paramount, but also
Netflix. Not just what's going on in
Hollywood and the debate there, but the
influence they've been trying to garner
in Washington DC. David Ellison was a
guest of Lindsey Graham at the State of
the Union. Lindsey Graham allegedly was
spot at the White House yesterday.
Obviously, the Netflix CEO was down in
Washington DC, was at the White House
yesterday. So, a lot of pressure from
both these companies trying to put on
lawmakers.
>> The Netflix piece of this is intriguing
because on a morning like this morning
to see both Netflix and Paramount up in
the pre-market, I think is notable and
there seem to be a gap opening up
between the sea suite and Netflix and
the shareholders who were starting to
question why we're even looking at this
deal. Look, for Netflix, it isn't quite
as existential. And I think that that
was the point. And the issue is that
they were going to pay more and more
money for a company that just reported
earnings, and frankly, they were just
flat underwhelming. There is a lot of
work that needs to go into some of these
properties. So, it it doesn't seem like
the market is upset with this outcome.
It seems like the market is saying maybe
this is the right way.
>> A bidding war and both sides want
Netflix up by 8% at the pre-market.
Dollar dominance very much in question.
Let's talk about the FX market. The
currency down nearly 10% from a 52- week
high. Ishwar Prasad of the Brookings
Institution writing the dollar remains
secure on its pedestal. The reason
though is less the power of US
exceptionalism and more the weakness of
America's rivals and allies. Ishwar
joined us now for more. Ishwa, a warm
welcome back to the program. It's always
good to hear from you, sir. Let's talk
about the rivals and allies, Europe and
China. Can you talk to us about those
two currencies and why they're unable to
be in a position to topple the US
dollar?
So the euro when it was created back in
2000 certainly looked like it might
rival the dollar because after all the
euro zone does match the US and economic
heft. It has many of the institutional
strengths that one thinks are very
important in supporting a reserve
currency including an independent
central bank. The rule of law system of
checks and balances but the problem is
simply Jonathan that Europe hasn't
gotten it act together. Um the European
um uh monetary union has certainly um
been established. Banking union has made
progress but the payment system still
remains fragmented. The financial system
remains quite fragmented and of course
there are centrifugal forces that
continue to threaten to pull the euro
zone apart. So the euro zone looks very
shaky and if you look at the safe part
of the euro zone um the core Euro zone
economies it doesn't look like those
account for a large amount of the bonds
issued by the euro zone. Now we know
that a German bund is not quite the same
as a Greek bond although of course the
riskiness of those assets has shifted
over time but the reality is that uh
despite its depth um there is a sense
that financial markets in Europe are not
integrated enough to provide the quote
unquote safe assets that the world needs
and the reality is that uh both the
political and economic weakness of the
euro zone has meant the that the euro
cannot really rival the dollar. China is
not willing to open up its capital
account fully. It continues to manage
the exchange rate both of which uh make
investors very wary of investing in
China and most importantly China does
not have the trust of international
investors because of the very weak
institutional framework. None of the
elements that I spoke about earlier the
rule of law the independent central bank
the checks and balances are there in
China. So China for all the desire it
has to make the be a prominent
international currency is not really
playing on the same field. One argument
has been that technology uh which is
rapidly shifting will actually allow
some of these global payment systems to
gain some clout at the expense of the
dollar. You take the opposite view. You
think that actually the increasing techn
uh the increasing technology around the
financialization of global markets will
actually benefit the dollar. Can you
explain? It's again a compelling
proposition that if you think about new
payment systems for instance China's
crossber interbank payment system which
can directly communicate with the
payment systems of other countries
including Russia, India, Brazil and so
on you could reduce the need for these
vehicle currencies like the dollar which
serve as an intermediary between these
pairs of currencies and some of that is
certainly happening but the reality is
that you still need a trusted currency
in order to settle payments and given
that you don't have much remin be
liquidity offshore and for the arguments
I made it's not quite a trusted currency
that hasn't gotten as much traction as
you might expect and then there are
other technologies like stable coins
that are getting traction in
international payments and the one
interesting thing to note of course is
that while stable coins are becoming
more prevalent it's one particular type
of stable coin that is getting traction
and that is dollarbacked stable coins so
if those start playing a much greater
role in international payments then sort
of indirectly the dollar becomes even
more dominant because that is what is
backing the stable coins that are being
used for international payments. So
while technology we thought might uh
shift at least payments away from the
dominance of the dollar it turns out
that there are other technological
forces at play that might have quite the
opposite effect.
>> Earlier this year people were talking
about sell America. It was with the
dollar. It was also with bonds. People
were saying that there's actually going
to be a much higher risk premium on
longerterm treasuries as a result of
some of the US's trade practices. And
here we are, bond yields in the 10-year
down below 4% and there's a feeling that
it's the new haven amid some uncertainty
around credit skirmishes as well as just
global uncertainty. Are we seeing uh
sort of the turning point where we're
leaving behind some of the stories of
last year and earlier this year about
sell America?
Lisa, as you were discussing earlier,
narratives are very compelling and there
was a very clear, logical and compelling
narrative for dollar dominance declining
because the world wants to derisk from
the dollar. The US now presents a
variety of economic as well as
geopolitical risk for anybody who wants
to hold dollar assets. But the problem
now is that there is a lot of turmoil in
the world. Some of that being created by
the United States itself, but a lot of
geopolitical flash points. In addition,
there is a lot of financial market
uncertainty around the world as well.
Certainly, financial markets have been
doing well, but there is a sense of
underlying fragility. So, that leads
investors around the world to search for
a safe place to put their money. In
addition, many central banks also want
protection. And China's central bank,
the people's bank of China certainly
doesn't want the NMBB to appreciate too
much. So, it's been accumulating
reserves as well. When you're
accumulating reserves in large
quantities, the reality is that you look
for a safe place to put your money that
also provides liquidity and some other
attributes. There isn't any other place
to hide other than the US dollar. So, in
fact, for all the talk of de-risking
from the dollar, over the last 12
months, foreign investors have actually
bought about $650 billion worth of US
Treasury securities, of which about 70
billion has been by foreign central
banks. So the world desperately wants to
diversify away from the dollar, drisk
from the dollar, but there really isn't
much other place to hide.
>> Asar, I hear you on China, and they're
still one of the biggest holders of US
debt, but they've been slowly trimming
their holdings over the past decade and
they're buying more gold. So doesn't
that show that China in itself is trying
to remove itself a little bit more from
dependence on the dollar when they put
their money into gold and trim some debt
holdings?
>> It's the People's Bank of China. It's
practically every other central bank
that want to uh diversify away from the
dollar and they have been diversifying
at the margin you know China central
bank India central bank and others have
been buying gold um so at the margin
we're trying we're beginning to see some
diversification but this notion of China
um dumping its US treasuries is really
oversold um Brad sets had an interesting
piece in the financial times a couple of
days ago making the point that in fact
um rather than the PBOC holding the
reserves some of those have been shifted
onto the books of commercial banks that
now hold uh those reserves instead. Uh
my view is that in addition to that we
have a lot of rrooting of Chinese
holdings of US treasuries through
custodial accounts in other countries.
So for instance over the last year while
China seems to have been trimming its
holdings of treasuries countries like
Belgium, Canada, the Cayman Islands, uh
the United Kingdom all seem to be buying
a ton of treasuries. Why? no logical
reason really other than that China is
probably running its treasuries through
custodial accounts in those countries.
So I think China really wants to drive
home this narrative that the dollar is
in a decline and is doing everything
cosmetically to make that happen
substantively I think the change is
modest at best. professor, a clinic as
always. Appreciate your time, sir.
Ishwar Prasad there of the Brookings
Institution and the author of Doom Loop:
Why the World Economic Order is
spiraling into disorder. In the New York
Times, that piece only a few days old.
Check it out if you can. You've got a
narrative and then you've got the data.
Here's the data from that piece. The
dollar share of global payments has been
stable on treasuries. Foreign holdings
of treasuries are increasing, not
falling.
>> And that's basically what you're seeing
this in terms of the bid into bonds in
the United States. But that's also the
reason why you've seen some stability in
the dollar despite all of the short
positions that are out there.
>> Big difference between the narrative and
the data right now. That's for sure.
Let's give an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Yahara has more. Hey Yhara.
>> Hi John. US and Iranian officials
agreeing to continue talks [music] as
soon as next week. Iran's foreign
minister saying technical teams will
meet in Vienna Monday and political
talks will resume later in [music] the
week. Iran says it won't allow its
highlyenriched uranium to be moved out
of the country. Well, US officials are
signaling Iran needs to send such stocks
to another nation or [music] dilute
them. Pakistan declaring open war with
Afghanistan after crossber attacks were
reported in Kabul and along the shared
border. Pakistan has been pressing
Taliban authorities in Kabul to halt
what it says are attacks by [music]
Afghan forces and Pakistani Taliban
based across the border. And we are
seeing shares of Dell surging more than
10% in the pre-market after the company
projected $50 billion of in sales of AI
servers for the year, well ahead of
expectations. Dell's chief operating
officer saying the AI opportunity is
transforming our company. The company
also announcing a $10 billion increase
in its share buyback program. That's
your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yari, thank you. Thanks for the update.
Up next on the program, weighing [music]
the impact of AI.
>> Demand for labor in certain occupations
has declined, most notably for coders, a
field where AI has made significant
advances. We do not yet know the exact
evolution of this labor market [music]
transition nor its intensity.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Krishna Goa
of Evacore, live from New York City.
You're watching Bloomberg TV.
Hi from New York. Welcome to the
program. Here are your scores. Equities
this morning down a bit of risk aversion
out there. We're negative.5 on the S&P,
down by 1% on the Russell. Pockets of
stress [music] in fixed income
benefiting from that. The 10-year bond
yield breaking below 4% 398 and down two
basis points on the session. [music] And
it's notable that it comes along with
the questions over the British financial
collapse and the loans tied to [music]
that. It's also interesting that it
comes amid a repricing in private credit
loans tied to software. You [music] are
seeing in public credit markets not
stress but on the margins you're seeing
spreads the extra yield over benchmark
rates climb to the highest rate since
lower late late last year in both
investment grade [music] and high yield.
>> Spread a wider yield to lower but down
two basis points on the session so far.
Under Savannah this morning, we need to
talk about the labor market weighing
[music] the impact of AI.
>> Demand for labor in certain occupations
has declined, most notably for coders, a
field where AI has made significant
advances. We do not yet know the exact
evolution of this labor market
transition, nor its intensity. our
normal demand side [music] monetary
policy may not be able to am ailarate an
AI caused unemployment spell without
also increasing inflationary pressure.
>> So here's the latest this morning.
Federal Reserve officials preparing for
the possibility of further job losses
due to artificial intelligence block
slashing nearly half of its staff in a
big bet on tech productivity. Christian
Guer of Ever writing, Fed Governor Lisa
Cook raises the possibility that AI
could raise the natural rate of
unemployment. We think this could happen
further down the line. Krishna joins us
now for more. Krishna, welcome. How do
you view Block's decision to slash
almost half of its staff? And what would
you tell clients is behind that this
morning?
Well, look, I'm a macroeconomist, not a
technologist, but I have to tell you,
uh, the technology is clearly moving so
fast and its impact on business models,
certainly in software and adjacent
spaces, is moving faster, I think, than
anyone had contemplated even just a few
months ago. And of course, that's then
leading the market to wonder, well, you
know, what's next and raising questions
about other business models, too. The
issue of course is how are we doing in
the horse race between AI wealth
creation and wealth destruction and AI
job creation and job destruction
>> and it seems like right now nobody
really has the answer about how long
it's going to take before those two come
together. I've been struck by how the
Fed has responded to it. Lisa Cook, John
was just mentioning the Fed governor who
talked about how maybe it's not the
Fed's respon responsibility to respond
to any kind of AI disruption. Does any
kind of job displacement lead the Fed to
cut rates, to hold rates? How does it
affect policy?
>> So, I think we want to bring a kind of
nuanced uh approach to that question.
First up, in the here and now, uh, our
assessment is that we're still not
seeing massive structural economywide
job location from AI, and we may well
not see that, for instance, on a 26
horizon. So, we don't think that this is
going to be a very major driver of
unemployment dynamics this year. We do
think is happening right now though is
that the AI shock and the fears of those
job dislocations down the line are
changing the bargaining power between
employer and employee giving us muted
wage growth and therefore muted
underlying inflation pressures. What
Lisa Cook is talking about is what
happens a little further down the pike
if and when you get major economywide
structural dislocations out of AI. She's
making the point that you can't rely on
monetary policy to fix all those issues
that would likely be associated in that
later phase with an increase in
structural skills mismatches, structural
unemployment. And I think Cook is saying
quite rightly, listen, we're going to
need it thoughtful labor market
policies, retraining policies, skills
policies, income transfer policies,
things that lie well outside the Federal
Reserve's remitt. Does that mean the Fed
would sit on its hands if unemployment
rose a lot due to AI? No. [snorts]
Is your sense Krishna that the bond
market right now given the fact that
yields are the lowest levels of the year
are signaling that inflation is no
longer a problem and that if anything
that a lot of the technology is going to
prove to be disinflationary even in the
short term.
>> So I do have sympathy in that direction.
Yes. I mean, as you know, well, it's
always a little hard to parse out the
sort of shortrun safe haven aspect of
this people hiding out in bonds in
effect when the market is going through
this phase of really focusing on AI
looters and no one's quite sure how far
that could go. So, you have this sort of
temporary hiding out hedging that a risk
of a deeper stock market selloff into
bonds. But I think behind that you are
seeing I think the bond market take the
view that in spite of the cyclical
upturn in spite of uh you know one big
beautiful bill fiscal stimulus this year
in spite of the benefit of Fed rate cuts
late last year it's actually looking
like the medium-term inflation risks
maybe more to the downside than the
upside because of the impact of AI uh on
inflation.
Interesting Krishna thanks for your time
sir as always one of the clearest
thinkers in economics Krishna G there of
evercore economist turned technologist
and we all have to right we all have to
have a little look at what's happening
>> there is no choice because if you're not
then an AI bot will probably take your
job and become an economist and uh also
a technologist but the idea that right
now in the near term you're seeing more
of the disinflationary forces being
reflected in markets highlights how
important it is to get the gut check
from things like the PPI in just an hour
and a half time which we're very excited
about and when it comes to policy
makers, we're [music] going to see
Congress really push for this. There's a
report out today that one congressman or
senator is looking to an automatic whole
of government response if unemployment
exceeds 5.5% because of AI [music]
>> yields down this morning by two basis
points. It's a break of 4% on 10. Up
next, we'll catch up with Victoria
Fernandez across Mark Global, Gregory
Allen of CSIS, the former White House
senior adviser Amos Hawkstein, and Mark
Layman of Citizens Bank from New York
City. The second hour of Bloomberg
surveillance up next.
There are many cross currents affecting
the US economy this [music] year.
>> Inflation's been remarkably stable.
>> There are some headwinds for inflation
that can keep it elevated.
>> The Fed is not going forward with an
easing bias. [music]
>> If you were to see unemployment go up in
a significant way, they'll cut rates.
This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
[music] Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> It is the longest [music] Q1 ever, and
you've still got another month of it to
go. From New York City this morning,
good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the second [music]
hour of Bloomberg surveillance starts
right now. Futures declining by.5% on
the S&P. On the NASDAQ, down by a
similar amount on the Russell down by 1
percentage point. The big stock mover to
watch in the pre-market, it's Jack
[music] Dorsey's block. That stock is
absolutely surging as Block looks to cut
almost half of its labor force [music]
>> and doesn't just want to cut half of its
labor force, but also is suggesting that
it's artificial intelligence that is
allowing it to do so. The big discussion
right now is how much is actually
because of AI coming up with new
capabilities that can allow them to cut.
Is this truly a template for other
companies or is this a bloated firm that
is looking to trim around the edges and
get a more than 18% pop in one day?
>> What a rally in the pre-market. We
caught up with an analyst from Missou a
little bit earlier on this morning.
[music] Which one is it? Post-pandemic
blow. Is this the real deal? Can you do
a whole lot more with less? He was
unsure. And I'm convinced I think also
by Jack Dorsey on the call just
yesterday.
>> Right. And Jack Dorsey right now is
taking [music] to Twitter over the past
few hours and actually responding to
individuals who are being critical of
this move and saying, "Isn't it just
because you overhired during the
pandemic?" Bloomberg Intelligence went
through some of the numbers and they
basically say that this move can
generate up to $1 billion in [music]
cost cost savings. And not only has
stock been pretty bad last year, more
down more than 10%, the past five years
it's [music] down more than 70%. So you
look at the stock price, it feels like
this was desperately needed. John asked
a really great [music] question earlier.
What are they using the extra cash for?
Are they using it just to do returns to
their shareholders or are they actually
going to be expanding? This is the key
question I think going forward because
ultimately if you can have cost savings
[music] and you have imagination and
ambition, you should be able to deploy
it into new ideas and expanding a
business. It actually would [music] uh
require more personnel. At what point do
you start to see the winners doing
things like that? Not necessarily just
doing mass layoffs and saying [music]
look at us, we can get rid of
everything. A lot of questions we need
to have answered here, but ultimately a
stock move like that. It's going to be a
big green light for a lot of sea sweets
[music] to think about doing the same
thing. Check this out. In the bond
market, need to stay on top of this
story. Yields down across the curve.
10's grinding lower. It's a break of 4%
on a 10-year bond [music] yield, down by
two basis points on a session, 398.
Yields just chopping lower for all the
reasons we've been talking about a
better economy and yields should be
higher. And here we are [music] sub 4%.
>> And so give your own narrative to it.
Right now, you do have, of course, some
anxiety percolating in private [music]
credit markets. You've seen that in a
significant way. Yesterday, Apollo uh
cut dividends on a number of a couple of
of their funds. There's a question here
about the market financial solutions
over in the UK. There's anxiety about
what you're going to do if you lose your
job to a bot. How much is that going to
really affect [music] things? Uh and all
of that is leading to this rally. Does
it also suggest what Krishna Guho was
just saying, [music] which is in the
near term AI deployment will be
disinflationary much more quickly than
people previously thought. It's
fascinating story. 39849 on tens right
now. Coming up this hour, we'll catch up
with Victoria Fernandez of Crossmark as
equities look to find their footing.
Gregory Allen of CSIS joins us as
Anthropic rejects the Pentagon's AI
demands and Mark Leman of Citizens as
markets face more tech losses. We begin
this hour with stocks lower following a
tech selloff. Victoria Fernandez of
Crossmark Global writing, "There is a
large moat between semis and software
and we would expect to see this gap
narrow over the coming months." Victoria
joins us now for more. Victoria, before
we start with the stock market, I want
to turn to fixed income yields breaking
below 4% on tens at a time where people
are speaking to us and telling us their
outlook for the economy is still pretty
good and we could see a bounce in a year
ahead. Why is that not being confirmed
by this yield curve?
>> Yeah, I think when we're looking at
yields right now, people are looking
more around safe haven. They're
concerned about what's going on not just
in geopolitics but in terms of
domestically uh the growth concerns that
we have all of the elements that you
guys were talking about in terms of the
labor market. So you're seeing a little
bit of a flight to safety, some safe
haven concerns, but you're also seeing a
Fed that is being more hawkish than what
people had anticipated. Perhaps you're
getting a little bit of of rate cuts
priced out of this market. So, you're
seeing the short end come up and the
long end come down on that, you know,
and maybe bon bon vigilantes are saying,
"Wait a minute, we don't need to go out
and be as uh vocal as we were before
because we don't think we're going to
see some of the same issues um
pressuring inflation higher that they
thought they were before. Maybe that's
because of tariffs. Um, you know, that's
a little bit of effect. Um, we have seen
near-term inflation expectations go up a
little bit, but real yields have come
down. So, they kind of offset each
other. I think all of these things
together giving you a flatter yield
curve right now, but when we look out
through the rest of the year, I would
expect to see that steepen um over the
coming quarters.
>> So, Victoria, that's not happening right
now. So, I've got a question about fixed
income more broadly. Lisa mentioned it.
There's stress in equities, and we'll
spend some time on that, but there's
also stress in pockets of fixed income,
particularly in private markets. Is any
of that contributing to this move in
yields lower?
>> I think definitely there is. There's,
you know, a lot of people just look at
fixed income and they say, "Oh, there's
no way you can lose money here, right?
It's that guaranteed component." Well,
it's not. And even though credit, the
credit market seems to be holding its
own somewhat. When you look at
investment grade, you're only seeing
moderate widening on some of the high
yield components. This private credit
component that has grown immensely over
the last couple of years as people have
moved outside traditional bank
financing, finding other areas to put
money to work that doesn't have the same
regulations that banks do. As we've seen
that grow, it's become a larger and
larger part of the credit market. And
now you're starting to see some concerns
around that. Maybe the lack of
regulations there have not been such a
positive thing. That again leads to this
flight to safety in terms of treasuries
in terms of things that people do feel a
lot more comfortable with and it's
causing some consternation in the
market. When the market gets uncertain,
when the market gets nervous, we see
yields come lower. We see the yield
curve flatten. And I think that's part
of what you're seeing here. Victoria,
just to take this a step further,
earlier this year, we were noting that
even as you saw this violent rotation
under the surface and a lot of fear in
equity markets, you weren't seeing any
kind of response in the fixed income
market. There was an sanguin look at all
of this and saying that the economy will
just chug along. In the past couple of
weeks, that's shifted. And you talked
about spreads widening, high yield bond
yields, and the public markets are at
the widest going back to November. If
you do believe that bond markets are
sort of a smarter tell, and I'm not
saying that they are, do you think that
this foretell a greater degree of draw
down or pain in public equity markets?
I think it definitely tells you that you
need to be careful and more cautious in
where you're putting your money to work
because there is the opportunity to see
the equity market come down. We know
before the equity market would start to
get nervous when yields would get around
450. Now we're seeing the actual
opposite effect. Wait, yields are coming
down too low now. And that means there's
concern around growth. There's concern
around the economy. So again, it's a
warning sign for a lot of investors that
wait, we could see some churn in the
equity market. And in a midterm election
year, you typically see a high teens
pullback anyway around the middle of the
year. So you take that and you add to it
some of the excessiveness that we've
seen in the equity market. Bull bear
ratios at extreme highs. We're seeing um
leverage funds with net short positions
at at extreme levels. You're seeing some
things that cause constrnation. And so,
yes, I think the credit market right now
is telling you, you know, or it's
flashing a warning sign saying, look,
things may not be as good as everyone
was hoping they would be, as good as
things have been priced into this
market. So, you need to be careful in
where you're putting money to work.
Given that, is it time to question the
equal weight rotation that we've seen
really gain steam? Our colleague Dan
Curtis pointed to a chart this morning
showing that the equal weight has had
its biggest outperformance so far this
year going back to 2009 versus the
market weight. I mean, is that sort of
done? Do you sort of go against that for
the remainder of this year?
>> I don't know if I would go against it
quite yet, Lisa. And obviously, you
know, equal weight is doing great. It
hit a new high this week. So there is
this component of broadening out in the
equity market that is actually quite
positive. I think it's one of the
tailwinds that tells you the bull market
that we've been in can probably continue
a little bit longer because of that
broadening out. We want to see it in
earnings as well. you don't just want to
see it um in where people are putting
their money in the market. But the fact
that they're not pulling money out of
the market and going to cash like we've
seen in other um times that tells us
that people are still pretty optimistic
about what can happen outside of tech.
And so that broadening out is a positive
sign and it's a tailwind for the market.
I wouldn't bet against it, but I also
would be quite cautious in looking at
some of those areas that now have been
overbought. Staples are overbought right
now. I wouldn't chase that. I would look
for some of the other areas um where
you're seeing uptrends, where you're
seeing that start to turn. Relative
performance is doing well. Um but don't
go after um some of those areas that
have gotten really hot. You don't want
to chase it here.
>> Well, Victoria, could the broadening out
continue if the Fed remains on hold for
longer.
>> I think it can continue, but we've had
so much of it happen already that I
don't think there's going to be any huge
surprises from this point in time. you
actually even look within tech semis
versus software kind of coming to the
the quote that Jonathan read in the very
beginning this big moat that you've had
there well you're already starting to
see that compress semis are actually
weakening internally and you've seen
software look at yesterday software got
a little bit of a boost so that moat is
starting um to decline a little bit
there so yes the broadening is there I
think it will continue even if the fed
stays on hold I think people say where
is there an opportunity for me here
outside of some of these high uh priced
areas that we've seen. PE is coming down
in some areas. They're going quite high
in others. So, you do have to be
cautious. But I think the Fed on hold
says, "Wait a minute. The economy is
going to be okay. So, we don't need to
come out and go to cash. Let's look to
see where opportunities lie."
>> Victoria, always good to catch up to get
your thoughts on this market. Victoria
Fernandez there of Crossmark Global
Investments. Coming into the year, you
can see why people were bullish on the
economy. Just had some rate cuts. About
to get some tax refunds. Lots of capex.
Got it. There are some pieces of the
puzzle missing. The cyclical rotation of
people positioned for discretionary
underperformed. Seen it on the month,
seen it on the year. Staples have
absolutely ripped. Banks have started to
struggle. Saw that January through
February. Just this burst of risk
aversion that's holding back some of
those names. And you pair that with a
fixed income move. 25 basis point move
low on a 10-year bond yield. That
doesn't scream economic growth. Nobody's
really contemplating runaway inflation
except for maybe Torston Slack over at
Apollo who's talking about rate hikes.
Otherwise, people are saying, well, you
know, Neil Data pointing to even
refunds, tax refunds, and saying that
they're somewhat underwhelming so far.
The one big beautiful bill, how much has
that already been accounted for? And
then you look at some of the spending
and frankly holiday sales not as
exciting as people previously thought.
>> You may end up getting a tariff dividend
though in a backwards kind of way. FedEx
statement yesterday saying any refund
they get they will push out to the
consumers that had to pay more. Maybe in
a way we're going to get a FedEx
dividend. Maybe we can call it that.
>> Trade QE. Fantastic. Can't wait. Is that
what's driving yields lower? No, I'm not
going there. Futures negative this
morning by about 510 of 1% on the S&P
500. Let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Yahara has more. Hey,
Yahara.
>> Hi, John. We're seeing shares of
Cororeweave falling 11.5% in the
pre-market after the AI data center
operator reported a bigger loss than
expected. Cororeweave also boosting
capex, sparking concerns it might be
overspending on infrastructure. [music]
The company ramping up borrowing in
recent years amid an industrywide debt
binge that has unsettled that has
unsettled investors. Meanwhile, shares
of Block surging in the pre-market. The
company announcing it's cutting its
workforce by nearly half or 4,000
employees. CEO [music] Jack Dorsey
saying AI is changing the future of
labor productivity, adding, "I don't
think we're early to this realization. I
think most companies are late. Within
the next year, the majority of companies
will make similar structural changes.
[music] Shares up 20%."
And former President Bill Clinton will
testify before Congress [music] today
about his relationship with convicted
sex offender, the late Jeffrey Epstein.
and his wife, former Secretary [music]
of State Hillary Clinton, denied any
association with Epstein during an hours
long deposition yesterday. Clinton told
reporters she is confident her husband
knew nothing about Epstein's [music]
crimes. That's your Bloomberg brief.
John
>> Yara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
This year is moving so quickly. At the
same time, it's moving so slow. The fact
that we're having all this news and it
feels like a lifetime ago that Maduro
was taken out [music] of Caracus. Never
mind a week ago that AIPA was struck
down by the Supreme Court. And going
into that, people thought the yields
would climb if that decision was [music]
ultimately made. Which is why I bring up
the trade story and where yields are. To
see bonds south the 4% even with all
this stuff [music] going on. Pretty
remarkable.
>> I'm old enough to remember when we had a
big snowstorm. Now the snow's melted. I
mean, honestly, it is just shocking.
[music] I mean, right now, the bond
market absolutely not rejected. I think
that bond markets are telling us
something and we have
>> You pretend you didn't hear that.
>> Does it snowed again this weekend? I saw
I saw a tweet about potentially this
weekend. I'll get you a full update
after commercial.
>> Okay, weather report coming up later and
Marie. There we go. Up next on the
program, the AI ultimatum.
>> Now, we're totally leading the AI race.
>> America is the country that started the
AI race. I'm here today to declare that
America is going to [music] win it.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Gregory
Allen of CSIS from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
>> [music]
>> futures negative here. We're down by
0.4% on the S&P on the NASDAQ. similar
move underneath Russell. The small caps
underperforming. We're down by.9%
so far this Friday morning. Under
surveus this morning, the AI ultimatum.
>> Now we're totally leading the AI race
and the artificial intelligence. It's a
big deal.
>> We also know that a big part of our
economy, it could be 50 60% of our
economy going forward for a period of
time at least. America is the country
that started the AI race and as
president of the United States, I'm here
today to declare that America [music] is
going to win it.
>> So here's the latest this morning. The
standoff between Anthropic and the
Pentagon over AI military safeguards is
ramping up. The tech giant is facing a
deadline today to accept conditions or
be blacklisted. The Anthropic CEO Dario
Modi saying in a statement, quote,
"These threats do not change our
position. We cannot in good conscious
secede to their request. The under
secretary of defense, Emil Michael
responding, calling Emodi a liar with a
god complex. Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall
joins us now for more. Tyler, so these
negotiations are going really well.
>> Well, uh, John, I think that's probably
an understatement here. This is a huge
escalation as we fast approach tonight's
5:01 p.m. Eastern deadline. We heard
from Anthropic saying that the Pentagon
has made quote virtually no progress on
its demands for safeguards in exchange
for the military using its AI tools.
Those demands include prohibition on the
use of its tech for one mass
surveillance of Americans and two in
fully autonomous weapons. The thing is
the Pentagon says that it doesn't want
to use the technology in these ways,
that it will comply with federal law and
that it just doesn't want these
predetermined limits. In fact, we heard
in one statement from a Pentagon
spokesperson yesterday on X saying that
the department wouldn't let any company
determine anything related to quote
operational decisions. The Pentagon has
now put two major threats on the table
if Anthropic doesn't comply. The first
is that it could deem the company
company a supply chain risk that would
essentially make Anthropics products off
limits to other military contractors.
This is something that is typically done
for those companies that have been
deemed US adversaries. The second threat
on the table is that the administration
could invoke the Defense Production Act,
which would essentially compel Anthropic
to deliver its products on national
security concerns. And the company has
pointed out how these threats are
perhaps a little contradictory. One
would block its products while the other
would mandate it. And there are already
legal questions that are starting to
swirl, particularly on Capitol Hill.
John, this is really underscoring the
tensions between the private sector and
the administration when it comes to the
tech space, but also increased
competition. It is our understanding
that negotiations are accelerating
between the Pentagon and some other top
AI companies like Open and AI and Google
for the administration to use their tech
instead when it comes to classified
settings.
>> Tyler Kendall down in Washington. Tyler,
thank you. Just a quick programming
note, exclusive conversation coming up a
little bit later on this morning.
exclusive, I should say, the under
secretary of defense, Emil Michael,
joining the program at 8:15 Eastern
time. A lot of questions for him, and I
appreciate him giving us some time
because I think we're all openminded
about what's happening here. We just
want to know what's actually happening.
>> Yeah. And he's in the middle obviously
of these negotiations with Anthropic and
his Twitter feed last night was
absolutely on fire. And it didn't just
stop there with that tweet saying that
Daario has a god complex. So, this is
going to be incredibly interesting
because the deadline is this evening
when it comes to Anthropic and the DoD.
>> That conversation about an hour away.
Check that out right here on Bloomberg
Surveillance. Gregory Allen, the former
official at the Defense Department's
Joint Artificial Intelligence Center,
writing threatening to designate
anthropic as a supply chain risk is a
hugely disproportionate and unnecessary
escalation. Gregory joins us now for
more. Gregory, welcome to the program.
Can you share with us how you think we
got to this place? How did we get here?
Well, this is a remarkable evolution
from where we are were only a few years
ago. I remember in the summer of 2018
when Google under employee protests
pulled out of Project Maven, which was
at the time the DoD's flagship AI
initiative. And ever since then, the DoD
has been trying to rebuild relationships
with leading AI companies in the
American technology industry. And now,
where are we? One of the leading AI
companies in the world is deeply
embedded in many different aspects of US
national security across military
operations and intelligence operations.
Anthropic is used in Project Maven as
disclosed by my former boss, Lieutenant
General Jack Shanahan, and getting
really positive reviews from the user
communities in both the military and the
intelligence community. This contract
represents in my perspective victory.
And victory even from the perspective of
this Trump White House. After all, they
were the ones who were requesting less
restrictive contract terms after they
agreed to a much more restrictive set of
contract terms back in July 2025. But
now this Department of Defense has taken
an absolutist stance, saying that they
want no restrictions whatsoever,
including on items like domestic mass
surveillance and the use of AI enabled
lethal autonomous weapons without any
human oversight. My advice to the
Department of Defense here is take the
win. You've said you don't want to do
these applications. After all, there is
no reason to go to their two purported
escalations of designating anthropic as
a supply chain risk or invoking the
Defense Production Act. Either of those
would do long-term damage to the
relationship between the Pentagon and
Silicon Valley, something that has been
very hard to repair and we are on much
stronger ground if we don't go there.
Greg, when you say the DoD should just
take the win and you have Anthropic
having these two red lines, does that
just show that the DoD does not want any
red lines at all when it comes to using
any sort of AI tools?
>> Yes. This is the key to understand here.
When the DoD says it cannot accept any
contractual restrictions, they already
did accept contractual restrictions in
July 2025. And by talking with Anthropic
about what they wanted to do and the
conditions under which they wanted to do
it, Anthropic has already walked away
from the vast majority of those
contractual restrictions. For example,
using their technology in offensive
cyber operations. And according to
reporting by the Wall Street Journal,
Anthropics technology was instrumental
in the operation against Venezuela that
captured former Venezuelan President
Nicholas Maduro. This technology has
worked. Anthropic has proven itself to
be a reliable partner and they're a
reasonable partner who don't just
arbitrarily draw red lines under no
consideration. To give you one example,
in Daario's note last night, he said
that he's not inherently opposed to
autonomous weapons. In fact, the
contractual terms that he's requesting
would even allow anthropics technology
to be used in the development of such
weapons. The red line as they've drawn
it is merely around the use of such
weapons without human oversight. And
even there, Anthropic is saying that
this is not a never type of red line.
This is simply a not now based on the
current level of the maturity of the
technology. The absolutist terms and the
escalation that the DoD is going for is
completely unnecessary in this
situation.
>> I'm glad you mentioned Nicholas Maduro.
Is that what kicked off this latest feud
between Anthropic and the Department of
Defense?
>> No, I don't believe so. What kicked off
it was the Department of War's AI
strategy, which specifically said that
they were no longer interested in having
contractual restrictions with any of
their contractors. And to be honest
here, I'm sympathetic to the Department
of Defense's position. They want the
operational flexibility to say we need
to be able to decide how we use our
technologies. If you think about
history, for example, in the Korean War,
it was actually a decisive moment when
the Department of Defense decided to
introduce a new class of jet engine
fighters before they were deemed ready.
That saved a lot of lives in the Korean
War because they were willing to accept
that operational technology risk. So,
I'm sympathetic to their point that they
need flexibility. They need to be able
to ones to decide these terms. But
here's the thing. In talking with
Department of Defense officials, I've
heard of no one who's encountering
challenges with these restrictions thus
far.
>> Got to jump in, sir, because we're
against the clock. It's good to hear
from you. Fantastic. Gregory Allen there
of CSIS. Two conditions that Anthropic
wants. Doesn't want its tech used for
surveillance of US citizens or for
autonomous lethal strikes without a
human in the loop. Two conditions. The
problem the Department of War has got
now, and I'm looking forward to catching
up with the government to get their
view, is this has spilled out into the
court of public opinion. And when you
put those two things in front of the
court of the public right now, they'd
say that sounds pretty reasonable.
>> How do you give those conditions if that
isn't something that you have [music]
planned and that's part of the problem
in even having this discussion?
>> Up next on the program, the former White
[music] House senior adviser Amos
Hawkstein with more US Iran nuclear
talks on deck. That conversation moments
away.
Futures this morning negative by 0.4% on
the S&P. [music] Likewise on the NASDAQ,
on the Russell, we're down by 0.9. What
has happened to the so-called cyclical
rotation at the index level, but also at
the sector level as well? The
underperformance of discretionary versus
staples. What we've seen [music] with
the banks struggling January through
February. You're not seeing it reflected
at the sector level [music] either.
Consumer discretionary over the past 30
days really struggling down by about 6%.
You see this also in the bond market.
This is where it gets interesting. 10
sub4% so far this morning. 398 and about
down by two basis points. This from
Chris Harvey of CIBC. Risk is repricing
as expected. That's healthy. But the
widening of credit spreads suggest the
process isn't over and there is a
growing probability the situation
[music] becomes fluid.
>> Right now we're seeing high yield bond
spreads and investment grade bond
spreads widen to the highs of this year
in tandem with that bid into [music]
treasuries which raises the question are
we starting to see stress? It is only
magnified by what we're seeing in
pockets of the private credit markets
and public sentiment. I mean, how much
are you going to be watching some of the
data coming [music] out, especially that
labor market report next week to give
you a sentiment read as we all doom
scroll through these substacks.
>> It's not just a long end though, [music]
front end of the curve too. Two's back
to 340 this morning.
>> Even though the Fed has come out with
some less than dovish prognostications,
[music]
the data will overwhelm them. And that's
what everyone seems to say. And right
now, frankly, I keep going back to what
Chris [music] has said. The the feeling
in markets is that AI will be
disinflationary not only in the long
term but potentially even in the short
term.
>> Yields down across the curve this
[music] morning down two to three at the
front end on 10's down by about 2 to
398. As we count you down to the opening
about two hours away let's get some
single name some morning movers. Danny
has more. Hey Danny.
>> Hey John. The remarkable turn in the
Warner Brothers Discovery Saga. Netflix
bowing out allowing Paramount with their
newly re-uped bid to be the acquirer.
Netflix from that gets that $2.8 billion
[music]
breakup fee. you can probably make a
nice few movies off of that. So, what do
you get? A surge in Netflix price uh
shares. Investors are happy as they
[music] are for Paramount shares go up
7.3% and Warner Brothers maybe because
the bidding war is now over. The other
story which you all have been tracking
[music] very closely is Block laying off
about 40% of their employees going from
10,000 to 6,000 [music] saying it's
because of AI efficiencies. Again, you
all have been excellent on this. Is this
the green light for the rest of the
companies [music] because of this move?
a 20% surge in share prices of Block.
Finally, Dell's success at that company,
not because the hardware. We know some
of the memory chip costs have been
weighing on this company. Instead, it's
the demand for their AI servers allows
them to have a really strong earnings
report. So, those shares [music] up 12
and a3%. John
>> Danny, thanks for the update. Danny
Burger, she's going to lead you through
to the opening bound a little bit later
this morning alongside Matt Miller. On a
radar this morning, blog shares rising
in the pre-market after announcing it
will cut nearly half of its staff. The
CEO, Jack Dorsey, describing the move as
a bet on artificial intelligence
changing the future of labor
productivity. Elsewhere, FedEx saying it
will return potential tariff refunds to
shippers and customers who paid them.
The company filing a suit in the US
Court of International Trade to recoup
levies paid before the Supreme Court
struck down President Trump's emergency
tariffs. And finally, check this one
out. The New York City may visiting the
White House looking to secure $21
billion in federal grants for a new
housing program. Mdani gifting President
Trump with a mock daily news cover
reading quote Trump to the city let's
build
>> these two are very strange bedfellows
and also somewhat logical bedfellows
considering a more populist tilt for
both of them and clearly Zoran Mdani is
really focused on using the housing push
to really ignite some sort of coming
together of these two minds who would be
polar opposites at least in the
political spectrum look it's the path of
travel I mean you can talk about the
romance that's emerging here is it just
them mocking each other I'd rather talk
about the romance at all.
>> I'd rather Yeah, but I actually You
don't want to talk about that. We can do
that if you want to, but we can go for
further and talk about how this is sort
of the path of travel in terms of
populist policy.
>> It is know your audience. Two guys from
Queens. He is a real estate developer
from New York going with a housing pitch
that Trump could also really want to get
on board of when it comes to New York
City. So, I think it makes perfect
sense. And he brought a prop. This isn't
Gerald Ford. He brought a prop saying,
"Look what you could be on the daily
news in the future." So for Mum Donnie,
it's he read the room carefully.
>> He's so good at this and not on policy.
Don't like his policy, but he's so good
at the politics to understand what the
president wants to hear, to understand
the marketing and the TV moment to
capture a picture like that. When I saw
that photo yesterday on X, I thought it
was fake.
>> Same.
>> And I thought it was from a parody
account.
>> I called someone said, "Is this real?"
>> Because of the quality of the photo,
because the quality of the photo was a
bit off, but I thought it was fake. I
didn't think it was real. and the fact
that they managed to get together and do
that. The guy on the left is so good at
the politics and the guy on the right
appreciates the moment like this and
that's what they've got in common.
>> Two men who are both born and bred in
New York City and really love celebrity.
Well, they are made for each other and
right now that's definitely what you're
seeing.
>> Absolutely. And to your original point,
this is the power of populism. You have
seen policies from Trump move to what
we've heard from say Elizabeth Warren,
from Bernie Sanders, and now Zoran
Mandani. the mayor of New York and the
president of the United States. Let's
turn to this story. US and Iranian
officials agreeing to another round of
nuclear talks next week in Vienna after
wrapping up negotiations in Geneva. A
person familiar with the US position
saying Americans were disappointed with
the progress of talks. Amos Hogstein,
the managing partner at TWWG Global and
former senior White House senior adviser
joins us now for more. Hello, sir. It's
good to see you.
>> It's great to be with you.
>> Amos, what moment are we in right now?
How tense are these negotiations?
>> Well, the moment that we're in is very
serious, as the president said, um
because I think that we're gearing and
and rolling towards a war that I'm not
even sure the president wants to do. Um
but but yet the momentum is in that
direction. Um as far as the
negotiations,
I'm I'm still not sure if these
negotiations are for real. I think they
began as a sham negotiation, meaning um
we weren't ready. The president went off
script and promised action in Iran and
got himself stuck in a am I going to be
like Obama with a red line or not with
the protesters. And so suddenly there
was this momentum towards go to war. But
you then realize well I don't have the
forces actually on the ground in the
region to do anything. Uh because I
moved them all out to go to Venezuela.
Um so now I got to get more forces and I
need more time. The Gulf is split
between those who really want to go to
war and those who are very very
concerned about it because they think
it's not going to go well. So he gets
the mixed messaging from from the Gulf.
The Israelis are pushing him to do it
obviously. And so the buildup starts and
he needs to be able to tell the
Europeans and the Middle East folks,
look, I tried to do a negotiation. If we
go to war, he has to be able to check a
box that says, I didn't. It wasn't my
first option. I tried. The Iranians
screwed up. He's aided by the fact that
Iranians always rise to the moment to
screw up every situation that you're in.
They literally mess everything up. They
have no idea what the world is like.
They live in some wacko bubble uh of
threatening US forces when they're
trying to do a negotiation.
>> How difficult is it to negotiate with
the Iranians?
>> Well, it's not even direct negotiations.
They have this ridiculous theater of we
can't sit face to face and we do it
through the Omanis despite the fact 10
years ago they sat face to face for for
months with uh Wendy Sherman and and
John Kerry and and so on. And it's the
same people by the way. It's Arachi who
was then the deputy. So it's very
complicated. I think the Iranian system
is going through a, you know, a a moment
where the Supreme Leader is the crazy
old man who throws out tweets that mess
up what everybody else in the Iranian
system is doing because he's
disconnected from the system.
>> Well, it's existential for the Iranian
regime, which is why the question for
them is, would it be better to have a
deal at the negotiating table or to
shore up their place in Iranian society?
Is it better almost for the US to strike
them? Look, the distance between the
Iran so Iranian society and the
government has never been bigger. I
mean, these people just massacred. I
don't know if the numbers, you know, the
numbers are floating around, but
thousands of people were killed by their
own government,
>> which is not missiles, not nuclear.
That's the impetus for this war, right?
Remember, we did not talk about missiles
or nuclear as the reason to go to this
conflict because there is no real
imminent threat from those two issues,
right? They were quote unquote
obliterated the nuclear program 6 months
ago,
>> but they still have a goal to make a
nuclear weapon. Their DNI assessment
says they are barreling towards
intercontinental ballistic missiles and
they are still funding the proxies
around the region. Those are the three
red lines of the administration.
>> There's no doubt the Iranian threat to
the region in December and today are the
same from that perspective. Uh as the
president said, the nuclear program was
set back years, not months. Uh and the
missile program is the one that is
really of concern. Uh but that wasn't
what led us here, Pen Marie. It was the
protesters. Help is on the way. And so
now the decision is what kind of war do
you go to? And I think this is a
critical point that people are missing.
There are three basic options here on
this war. Only three. One is a slightly
more limited strike that takes out
missile depots, missile storage uh
launchers and maybe another strike at
the nuclear for for symbolic purposes.
Uh but you leave the regime intact but
weakened very weakened. Most of the
gulfies prefer this option. The other
one is a much more significant attack
which they have the preparation for at
sencom and central command uh which is a
regime collapse or change and that's
where the two options are. You don't
know in advance if you're going to get
regime collapse or regime change. Regime
change is when you know who comes next
and you know that you can figure this
out. Think Venezuela and Deli, right?
The you know who's coming. Regime
collapses, you have no idea. And as one
major uh Gulf country said to me at the
leadership level, if they're going, we'd
hate the Iranians, but if they end up
with Libya, they leave us with Libya
next door, that's a real problem for all
of us.
>> Isn't there a third option? And not to
put you on the spot, but the Biden
administration did nothing when it came
to Iran and just dragged on talks for
four years.
>> The Biden administration said, "We're
willing to renegotiate going back into
the JCPOA that the Trump administration
had left, but we're not going to go in
as just resigning the same document."
The Iranians did not want to negotiate.
Then oc then October 7 happened.
Remember, we were doing the
normalization with Saudi Arabia. We were
really weeks away from that. Uh when
October 7 happened, the Iranians then
chose to do a 300 uh projectile attack
on Israel from its sovereign territory
with the 100 ballistic missiles and 200
UAVs. And they did that attack twice in
April and in October of 2024. The United
States then gave the green light and
talked with the Israelis about taking
out the missile defense uh and weakening
the Iranians. The Iranian proxies are
weakened across the board. So you can
say do nothing but in reality was
continuing the sanctions pressure uh and
not getting not getting into the JCPOA
was a major decision. If you go back to
the elections of 2020, everybody said
every expert Middle East expert said Joe
Biden's going to get elected and go
right back into the JCPOA.
>> It did not happen because you put Bob
Mali in head of the Iranian affairs.
>> Maybe. But the person who makes the
decision is not Rob Mali. He was the
president and he said no. I just want to
fit this in because we're talking about
this and talking about ballistic
missiles and a lot of the weaponry of
the past at least as this is very
quickly moving and we're talking about
new weapons of war which include a lot
of technologically fused uh instruments.
How does the use of artificial
intelligence and the US's preeminence in
that sphere change this discussion and
frankly change all discussions going
forward when it comes to some military
negotiations?
>> So I think this is a key point when
Emory is talking about sort of the
they're building out their missile
capacity and so on. Iran is a relic. All
right, it's a literally a relic. So what
if it has a bunch of missiles that we
can put some some use? We don't want
them to have it for sure. We don't want
them to give them to the Houthis and to
Kazbala uh and so on. But when you talk
about advanced weaponry, the capability
of fusing intelligence superiority with
satellite superiority with AI and
drones, the Iranians can do the drones
for Russia, but the Russia Ukraine war
is also a relic. the advantages that the
United States has, the advantages that
Israel has in the region, including
total air superiority
from Israel all the way to Thran.
This is not really a threat of it. It's
a menace. It's a nuisance. It's
dangerous, but it's not existential
threat. its nuclear program would be and
every president of the United States,
every single one, Democrat and
Republican, has said we will not allow
them to have a nuclear program, which is
why I supported what President Trump did
by attacking those sites. If you're
going to keep doing those those
programs, that's a real threat. But the
rest, we're going to an era of such
technological advancement whether or not
the Pentagon can get out of its own way
with AI. Um, so we should be able I did.
I'm sorry. What are your thoughts?
>> I really hope that both the company and
the Pentagon can go back to having this
conversation in classified settings and
in private uh and not in front of the
whole world. And I also really hope that
this is not uh corporate uh against
corporate uh playing out in government
contracts.
>> What are you implying? I'm implying that
there's another AI company that may not
be so happy with anthropic getting uh
their uh this kind of advantage by
>> has had some influence to bring us to
this moment.
>> I think 12 months ago I would have said
no way. I think that watching the last
12 months where the government decides
M&As decides corporate activity it's not
a big leap. Uh, and it's understandable.
I I also understand why corporations
would have this kind of a fight at the
Pentagon because the government is the
ultimate arbiter now in major corporate
decisions, right? Not on everyone, but
on major ones if you're going to buy a
news channel or not. Uh, it's the White
House that decides who gets to own it or
not. So why is it's not that big of a
leap to say if the president and the
White House decides who does major M&A,
why is it such a big leap to think this
is not exactly about Pentagon versus uh
anthropic? Anthropic and and the
government seem not to be that far when
it comes to what their requirements are.
So they should have been able to reach a
deal. It's it's just a weird kind of a I
don't understand this at all. It's the
central planning that the Biden
government dreamt about. Right.
[laughter]
>> More Bernie Sanders. Not
>> too good.
>> Thank you, sir. Hog there, the managing
partner at TWWG Global and former White
House senior adviser. Let's get you an
update on news worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Yahara has more. Hey,
Yahara.
>> Hi, John. London's market financial
solutions is collapsing, leaving giants
like Berkeley's and Jeff [music]
scrambling to recoup money. in the fall
echoing recent failures in the US namely
holdings adding [music] to fears global
banks are unable to detect massive
collateral fraud the global smartphone
market is shrinking [music] research
firm IDC saying the market will contract
nearly 13% this year [music] due to the
memory chip shortage the demand for
advanced memory is to power AI tasks is
draining global supply jeopardizing the
business model of many smartphone
[music] makers
and President Donald Trump tapping
Florida Governor Ronda Santis and New
York Yankees President Randy Lavine to
co-lead a council that will explore ways
to overhaul college sports. Sources
telling us here at Bloomberg the
commission will discuss a potential
antitrust exemption that would protect
the NCAA from legal challenges to
players compensation rules. That's your
Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Yihara in
the next hour. Up next on the program,
AI [music] derangement syndrome.
>> I think right now the street really more
focused about the risk tied to AI.
>> We've got what I I call a AI derangement
syndrome.
>> Whether or not there's a bubble, [music]
it's disruption. They're going to be
winners and losers.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Mark Leman
of Citizens [music] Bank from New York.
You're watching Bloomberg TV.
Stocks are down this morning negative
by6% on the S&P on the Russell. The
Russell 2000 is down by more than one
full percentage point. Some risk
aversion out there this morning. Tens in
the bond [music] market breaking 4%.
Under Sanders this morning, AI
derangement syndrome.
I think right now the street really more
focused about the risk tied to AI more
so than the growth opportunities here
long term from AI.
>> We've got what I I call a AI derangement
syndrome.
>> Whether or not there's a bubble is
[music] disruption. They're going to be
winners and losers.
>> We've got to think about how much of a
risk there is given this massive wealth
concentration in the AI trade.
>> So here's the latest this morning. The
S&P 500 heading towards a February loss
following a month of fears linked to the
future of AI. Mark Layman of Citizens
Commercial Bank writing, "AI will
reshape businesses, but the software
selloff is overdone." Mark joins us now
for more. Mark, let's
>> get a vibe update from you. East Coast,
Wall Street obsessing, hysteria over
Wall Street, over what's happening right
now with AI. What's happening on the
West Coast at the moment? How do things
feel?
>> There's no less obsession. Um, but you
also have a bunch of people who are
working in AI and you have a bunch of
people who are watching it happen and
you're seeing the value creation mostly
in the private markets. Um, so there's
obviously optimism tempered with caution
about some of the dislocation and SAS
apocalypse and AI derangements is some
terms I've never used before a month
ago. But I'm excited.
>> We are you got a ton of people working
in software as well.
>> We do.
>> That are nervous about their jobs.
>> Yeah.
>> And are paid in stock that is getting
absolutely hammered at the moment. What
are they telling you?
>> Well, they're I think they're all
worried, rightfully so. I think they're
all that's the first thing they talk
about in every single meeting, how
quickly we can do the uh adoption. Um
it's happening obviously and it's not
just the last month. They've been doing
this for years, but I think the urgency
as well as the uh problems if you're not
on the front page of this, you're
getting in big trouble. And I see it in
the stocks and you do too.
>> So, do you expect this to be the
beginning of a trend in terms of what
Block did? the idea that you're going to
have to shed workers and show
efficiencies by curbing some of your
human capital.
>> Yeah. I mean, listen, Block made a
really large acquisition that um
obviously they have to pay for and
they're paying for in their stock. Their
stock's down 75% from its all-time high.
Obviously, that was a long time ago with
rates were a lot lower, but that's the
math. Um I do think it's on the front
edge and they do need to do something
dramatic. I think a lot of companies are
um I I I don't know how analogous it was
to years ago when we had the same thing
with with cloud and SAS and all the
things that took place over the last 30
years that I've been on Wall Street. Um
but if you're not doing that right now,
you are going to be in the rear and
you're not going to want to have time to
catch up.
>> You know what's the psychology like for
some of these software engineers? Do
some of them resist using artificial
intelligence because they feel like we
don't want to prove that this actually
can do my job. So actually that model is
really faulty. Come back to me in 6
months and tell me how it's better.
>> Yeah. You know when I got to college I
took a right turn towards accounting and
away from the left turn of engineering.
But I know enough people are in that
world. I think there are some people who
are obviously uh seeing the trends and
are seeing what's happening and saying
it's it's big and it's part of it. But
we've been doing it for 10 years. So I
don't really know what all the hysteria
is. I think they're probably wrong. Um I
think everybody's using it. I mean even
at Citizens we have this reimagine the
bank. Everybody is talking about ways to
make the culture and make business
processes faster. Everybody in every
business.
>> But you're still optimistic on the
world.
>> Well, you know, I always say I'm
optimistic because the opposite is so
much worse. Um, and things do work out.
Okay. We were talking uh earlier today.
Nobody looks back and says, "Boy, it
investing was so much easier back then.
It's or so much harder back then. It's
so easy right now." Or work was so much
harder back then. It's so much easier
now. Nobody's ever said that. And we're
saying it probably accelerating because
we talk about adoption curves. This is
the fastest adoption curve we've ever
seen.
>> Lisa, take note. You can be optimistic
in this environment. Most optimist I've
[laughter] ever heard in my life. But
carry on.
>> Going back to Jonathan's original point,
though, I would just love for a moment
your take on what is going on in
California. There's proposal of a wealth
tax. Are you concerned about a brain
drain out of that state?
>> Well, I don't think it's going to pass.
Um, I think we've been hearing about a
brain drain since 2020. Um, that being
said, the amount of venture capital
dollars being invested in California is
at a record high. All the companies
we're talking about on this show,
OpenAI, Anthropic, etc. are in
California. So, I it's great fodder for
headlines. It's great 20 words on
Twitter. The facts are the facts.
Stanford, as far as I can tell, is not
leaving. Vanderbilt is building a brand
new engineering campus in San Francisco
because they see the talent that's in
San Francisco. We have a mayor who's
decided to be friendly with business as
well as do the things that civic uh
civic pride and things you need to do
for big cities.
>> Have you got a governor that wants to do
the same?
>> I'm sorry.
>> Have you got a governor that wants to do
the same?
>> Well, we have a governor who's about to
leave. I think he's got designs on
something more uh nationally. Um and it
is the the race will I think be similar.
you're going to have that kind of public
private partnership that we're seeing in
California that you need to have and I
think you're going to see that blossom
because it's worked in San Francisco.
>> Last time we caught up, just a quick
final question just on the markets. Last
time we caught up, I think you said that
the private markets were healthy. What's
your assessment of where we are now?
>> Well, you know, I I looked at it. Um,
from 2000 to 2025,
$25 trillion of market cap was created
in the public markets between Meta and
Google and etc. Nvidia. a lot of that
capital has flowed to the private
markets. That's where all the growth has
become. Um, it's healthy. I think
there's some people on the investing
side who feel late. I don't think
there's anything that's slowing down.
The biggest question, frankly, is if you
work at one of these companies and you
got a big secondary coming up, what are
you going to do with your shares? That's
the biggest question flowing through. I
think the private the private markets
are very, very healthy.
>> Okay, Marcus, good to see you. Thank
you, sir. Thank you. Appreciate the
update. Mark Leman there of Citizens
Bank. big focus on what's happening in
private markets
>> and how [music] much that might color
the view forward not only in public
credit markets but also the financing
channels for AI [music]
>> big hour coming up of bank for America
joins us the under secretary of defense
Emil Michael Alejandra Gindle of Ned
Davis and Ed Alhuseni of Colombia threat
needed or the third hour of Bloomberg
surveillance just around the corner
I think right now the street really is
more focused about the risk tied to AI.
>> We've got what I call AI derangement
syndrome
>> right now. Everyone focus on the losers.
How AI is going to hurt. It's just hard
to really square this momentum, the
sentiment. [music] We need more
diversification away from technology.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan [music] Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the third hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now.
Your scores, the price action looks like
this. Equity futures on the S&P
declining throughout this morning, down
by 6%. Small caps down by more than one
full percentage point. In the bond
market, twos, 10, 30s, yields declining,
tens sub4%, down three [music] basis
points on the session, 397. That doesn't
scream economic growth.
>> No, it's the opposite. And we've been
saying, [music] well, what's the actual
story here? Neil Da wrote in. He said,
in my experience, the simplest
explanation is usually the right one. If
yields are lower, it probably means the
economic activity is [music] not exactly
reacelerating, which is what you have
seen in some economic indicators.
However, if you take a look at the
economic surprise index, [music] it has
actually turned up and is near the highs
of the year. So, a real confluence of
conflicting narratives that come
together [music] in the toxic confusion
of 2026.
>> How do you make Brammo super bearish?
Show her something super bullish. Block
up in a pre-market by close to
[laughter] 20%. Cut in half of the
workforce. Oh, you cannot pin this on me
for being bearish because I think that
the world is looking at this and saying,
is it the path of travel for the labor
force in the wake of AI disruption or is
it a bloated company that acquired
another firm and had a business model
that needed some trimming of the fat and
that's what actually we're [music]
seeing and ultimately it might be
somewhere in between and you might get
some layoff announcements just to get a
similar boost to stock like that.
>> All right, AI derangement syndrome
number one. I think this is purely a
stock issue as we just heard from our
last guest who is living and breathing
in [music] San Francisco. Obviously,
this stock has been down more than 75%
in 5 years. I think this is them just
trimming some [music] bloat and at the
end of the day, you can just pin it on
AI. That's going to be the quick
band-aid for this. We can be [music]
more efficient. I just wonder how many
more blocks are we going to see in the
next few weeks.
>> Whatever you think it is, and you can
debate this all day, we will. Whatever
you think it is, that stock move right
there is green and it could be a green
light for the seauite in a range [music]
of companies across the country who are
looking to do the same thing and just
got cover to move forward.
>> Look, it seems like things are moving
very quickly and anyone who's used
Claude Pro or ChachiBT [music] Pro can
understand all of the ways that they can
become more efficient. You are seeing
people hire fewer entry-level workers as
a result. There are shifts going on.
There will have to be job destruction.
And the question is, will job creation
come on uh board as quickly? Right now,
we're not seeing it. This is the reason
why the jobs number that we get next
Friday is going to be so important. Do
we start to see a pickup in the number
of job creation at the same time that we
see destruction? It's not may not be,
you know, Armageddon here, but we're
talking about a real shift. And I'm not
exactly totally doom and gloom. Just,
you know,
>> not totally.
>> Not totally.
>> Just 99.9%.
>> Just sometimes a gorgeous day today.
>> Just because you smile and [music] laugh
when you do it.
Patient zero. Patient zero.
>> You know, honestly, I am very
sympathetic to the idea that in the
past, technological advances have made
humanity have a better quality of life.
I am also aware that this is a different
model or suddenly it is a knowledge
creator, not just the question of a job
uh a booster. So, it's a very it's a
different equation. It's it's a
fascinating model.
>> I'm right there with you.
>> Thank you.
>> You're not alone. Don't worry about it.
We're all right there with you.
[laughter] just sort of burying our
heads in the sand at the same time and
hoping none of this is happening. Coming
up this hour, we'll catch up with Sevita
Subramani with Bank of America with AI
fears continuing to weigh on markets.
The US Andre Secretary of Defense Emil
Mic with Anthropic failing to reach a
deal with the Pentagon and Alejandra
Gindal of Ned Davis Research breaking
down the latest inflation reading. We
begin this hour with stocks adding to
losses as the S&P 500 is now set to
finish February in the red. Sevita
Subramani with Bank of America has one
of the most bearish year-end outlooks on
Wall Street, 7,100. She writes the
following. Our market call is not based
on valuation mean reversion. We see many
compelling fundamental and macro reasons
for pees to compress further even in
tech. Savvita joins us now for more.
Savvita, welcome to the program.
>> Thanks.
>> This by the way was a fantastic note and
I enjoyed every word of it. So let's get
into some of it.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> This market, this index has changed.
It's not what it was 10 years ago. What
is it now? Yeah, I mean I think one of
the bull cases for the S&P 500 and why
it should trade at a higher multiple is
that it has morphed from this really
manufacturing intensive index from the
80s and 90s into a very asset light
innovationoriented index today. It's 50%
of it is tech and healthcare. These are
not manufacturing companies or so we
thought a year or two ago. And that's
what worries me a little bit is that
you're starting to see tech do all the
things that lead to multiple
compression. So I guess I'm not
surprised that we've seen pretty
significant PE compression over the last
few months. First of all, they're
levering up. Maybe not to extremes, but
this is the probably the most important
driver of lower pees is having higher
financial leverage. Second, they're
becoming more capital intensive and
clunky, right? So, you know, 15 years
ago, they spent 0% of their free cash
flow on manufacturing capex and, you
know, kind of real capex. Today, it's
closing in on 90%. That's what we're
we're seeing by the end of the year. So,
this is an industry that's spending more
of their free cash flow on capbacks than
energy companies. I mean, it's a weird
world when you think about it. And I
guess the hope is that revenue comes in
spades enough to offset this this
leverage and this this spend on
manufacturing. But I think that's TBD
and right now we're forced to just buy
the dream and I think investors aren't
necessarily willing to pay as high a
multiple for that dream.
>> What do you think the appropriate
multiple is now? Look, I mean, I think
the multiple itself relative to the S&P
500 should be a bit higher, but not that
much higher. Like a year ago, we were,
you know, in an environment where tech
stocks were trading at, you know, maybe
the highest multiple to the S&P since
the tech bubble. Now, I think they've
compressed, but they're not necessarily
trading at discounts. They're not
trading even in line with kind of
long-term averages. So when I look at
areas and then on top of that when you
have a disruption scenario it could take
a while right like when you look at IT
services this sector was disrupted by
chat GPT and it basically went from
trading at about a 25% premium to the
S&P the industry derated to about a 20%
discount software you know um semis
still trade at a premium to the S&P 500
and I think that's that's where we
really have to think hard about it. The
other component I think you have to
watch earnings because multiples are a
function of price and earnings. And I
think what we may see over the next few
years, months, quarters is potential
relative downgrades to tech earnings in
favor of other areas of the market. So
to your point earlier about kind of this
disconnected economic cycle, it kind of
feels like we're going back to the 80s a
little bit. So we're going back to this
more manufacturing kind of make stuff in
America type of market which hasn't been
great for multiples. Maybe the consumer
takes a little bit of a hit because
we're now seeing these layoffs. So I
think I think we have to recalibrate and
think about what's actually happening to
the index and where you want to be.
>> So I was looking at the range. You've
got a 7100 target. You've got a range
from 5500 to 8500. Yeah.
>> Has the range ever been bigger?
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It has been
bigger. I mean there have been years
where we thought it was you know just
sort of a binary buy or sell. So this
year I think we're actually in kind of
good normal territory. A lot of the
curve balls are we think behind us like
when it comes to tariffs when it comes
to policy um ahead of us we just have
you know an environment where companies
are incented to spend more money. We've
got the big beautiful bill act. We have
a lot more certainty around tax reform.
Um we kind of know what the next few
years look like. Maybe we get gridlock
in in the ne upcoming election and that
could be you know a a benefit for for
companies. We've generally found stocks
do best in that.
>> Could we see a scenario where block is
actually a frontr runner of a lot of
other companies that do layoffs and see
their stock prices boom where you start
to see an economy where you have a
jobless rate increasing at the same time
that you have a stock market that's
absolutely booming. Oh, crushing.
>> Is that actually uh something that you
could foresee?
>> I mean, I think it could happen. Maybe
it won't be as dramatic as, you know,
everybody, you know, is unemployed
except for a few billionaire
trillionaire types. I don't think we see
this dystopic world. But I do think that
the worry is that the engine of
consumption growth in the United States
has been, you know, 25 to 45 year old
professional white collar services
employees, right?
and college grads that get jobs, buy
houses, have kids, do all the things.
And that area of the market right now is
in the lowest demand that we've seen
historically. We're actually seeing a
higher unemployment rate for 25 year
olds and college grads than we've ever
seen. Now they're going back to grad
school, incurring more debt. I think
that's the other kind of thing we need
to think about is how does that whole
educational system change? The new jobs
that are being created though, it's
interesting. you're seeing them in um
you know kind of skilled manufacturing.
So I think it's an interesting tradeoff
where you've got electricians now
commanding these huge salaries for
tooling up data centers but your coders
and your you know your tech folks and
your salespeople are undermployed. So I
think that's the way we need to think
about the future is kind of that
trade-off between manufacturing versus
asset light. Multiple compression is
generally what one would expect. On top
of that, I'll give you one last thing.
Sure. So the the key reason that we're
expecting multiple compression is we're
actually very bullish on earnings. So
this year we're we're forecasting I
think amongst the highs on Wall Street
in terms of earnings growth. So we have
a very low target but a very high
earnings forecast. And generally what we
found during years of strong earnings,
strong economic data, um the market
doesn't do that great. it's already
anticipated all this good stuff that's
going to come and it generally trades
kind of sideways. So I think that's
that's the call for the year.
>> It's been hard to be bearish the equity
market for a long long time because the
buybacks have been so large. Yes.
>> There's a point in your note about
supply
>> and not just the buybacks but the IPOs
we're going to see potentially later
this year too. How critical is that a
piece of
>> I think that's huge because if you think
about the last 20 years we've had this
wonderful shrinkage argument going on
right we've had accelerating buybacks no
IPOs IPOs stay private longer you know
they only come to market in in in kind
of full maturity so I think that that's
been a boon for equities because there's
fewer stocks to buy it's a supply it's a
it's a key supply demand story today
when you look at the three biggest
private equity plays in the US. They're
all tech and they they're valued at
something over a trillion dollars. If we
saw all three of them IPO, that would be
more than all of the issuance proceeds
we've seen over the last 15 years. I
mean, it's it's kind of a a a crazy um
setup in terms of supply coming online
in equities. And then in IG we've
already investment grade we've already
seen supply uh increased pretty
demonstrabably it's been absorbed but I
think at some point you know maybe it
doesn't have maybe we don't have such a
strong appetite for for tech debt.
>> The numbers are massive. Sevita it's
good to see you.
>> Great to see you.
>> Fantastic research as always. Sevita
submanium there of Bank of America.
Equities declining this morning. Let's
get you an update on news elsewhere with
your Bloomberg brief. Yhara has more.
Hey yara.
>> Hi John. We are seeing shares of Block
surging nearly 20% [music] in the
pre-markets. The company announcing it's
cutting its workforce by nearly half or
4,000 employees with CEO Jack Dorsey
saying AI is changing the future of
labor productivity, adding, "I don't
think we're early to this realization. I
think most companies are late. Within
the next year, the majority of companies
[music] will make similar structural
changes."
Netflix dropping out of the bidding war
for Warner Brothers Discovery. [music]
The move clearing the way for Paramount
to clinch its deal for the Hollywood
studio, pending regulatory approval, of
course. Netflix [music] saying the deal
is no longer financially attractive
after Paramount's latest $31 a share
offer. And former President Bill Clinton
will testify before Congress today about
his relationship with the late convicted
[music] sex offender Jeffrey Epste. and
his wife, former Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton denied any association
with Epstein. During an hours's long
deposition yesterday, Clinton told
reporters [music] she is confident her
husband knew nothing about the crimes.
That should move our brief, John.
>> Yhar, thank you. Thanks for the update.
Up next on the program, an exclusive
[music]
conversation with the US under Secretary
of Defense, Emil Michael, as the clock
is ticking on the Pentagon's critical
anthropic deadline. That conversation up
next from New York City this morning.
Good morning.
There's some component here that's
AIdriven and efficiencydriven, but some
component of just natural trimming of
the, you know, portfolio of employees.
They said AI, but it's not entirely AI,
but you're going to see some of this
across the board in other companies as
well.
>> Some disagreement here. What was behind
those big cuts? The labor force over a
block. [music] That was Dan Doof of
Missouo. In the equity equity market at
the moment, we're declining by 0.7% on
the S&P 500. Similar move on the NASDAQ
on the Russell underperformance down by
more than 1 percentage point. Talk about
the bond market. Yields lower across the
curve 10 sub4%. This is important.
[music] We keep breaking lower 39773
on a 10-year this morning.
>> And this comes amid a Fed that really
hasn't been particularly dovish. [music]
and a number of economic data points
that haven't exactly pointed to some
sort of rapid rate cutting cycle. So, is
it just the economy, stupid, are we
looking at something that is
disinflationary without job creation,
which is a fear [music] that a lot of
people have been having.
>> We are trying to figure it out. AI in
full focus this morning. The standoff
between Anthropic and the Pentagon over
military safeguards is ramping up. The
tech giant facing a deadline today to
accept conditions or be blacklisted. The
anthropic CEO Dario Emodic saying in a
statement quote these threats do not
change our position. We cannot in good
conscience see to their request. The US
under secretary of defense Emil Michael
responding to the statement calling a
Modi a liar with a god complex. The
under secretary joins us now for more.
Under secretary Michael, welcome to the
program. Sir, calling someone a liar is
pretty strong language. What's he like
about?
Well, what happened is uh we've been
negotiating in good faith uh on the
Department of War side for about three
months and we're working pretty
diligently and uh we sent over a
proposal that we thought made a lot of
concessions
uh to the language that Anthropic wanted
and then you know without any notice
they published uh an article where we
thought we were getting close saying
that they were breaking off talks well
before the deadline which is generally
not good uh partner oriented practice if
you will.
>> So Emil, this is what they're asking for
as far as we understand and let me share
this with the audience. It doesn't want
his technology used for surveillance of
US citizens or for autonomous lethal
strikes without a human in the loop.
That's the ask. What were the
concessions?
>> Yeah, the concessions are pretty simple.
uh we agreed in writing to uh ensure
that the department of war war was
following all laws and regulations
including the national security act of
1947, the FISA act and all other
applicable laws and regulations because
mass surveillance of Americans is
already illegal. So we were uh offering
to put all of that language and affirm
that we were following all laws in the
contract when it comes to autonomous
weapons. Similarly, we said we'll follow
all laws, including a DoD directive
that's been in place for years that
governs how we would use any such
weapons. And then we affirmed that there
would be human oversight uh over all
kind of every kind of uh part of the
development process or engagement
process or use of autonomous weapons.
And he didn't like the word I guess as
appropriate at the end of that sentence.
But uh we believe we've uh we conceded
to all their substantive demands. So it
was surprising that out of nowhere
they'd cut off negotiations.
>> So it appears that your differences are
actually minor. Would that be accurate?
>> Yeah. And that's what was surprising is
usually if your differences are minor,
you get in a room, you try to hash them
out and instead uh without any notice,
you know, publishes uh something about
his conscience uh and then doesn't
engage. And it it was difficult to
understand why because we were working
pretty diligently on this and we were at
the final stages of a few words here or
there where we agreed to what they
wanted. So in substance so it was it was
very surprising given that we negotiate
with hundreds of technology companies
and this is the only one we've ever had
that behavior from. Are you still
weighing using the Defense Production
Act to compel Anthropic to basically
have to use its product or potentially
are you weighing still making it a
supply chain risk which we heard from
Anthropic say that this is almost
contradictory proposals?
>> They're two different things and um I
think depending on how today goes at
5:00 the Secretary of War Pete Hexath
gets to make the decision on how to
reply. I've maintained my openness to
continue dialogue through that deadline.
Um, but they've seemed to have launched
sort of a PR campaign that was planned
well before these negotiations sort of
restarted on Tuesday. Um, so I don't
know. So their behavior is frankly
unpredictable. I'm not sure what to
expect.
>> So do you plan though on having more
talks today or is a decision just need
to be made by today?
I offered more talks. Um,
uh, if so long as they're in good faith,
uh, we're always open to, uh, talks and
we set a deadline and we met the the
deadline and up until that deadline, I'm
open to more talks than I told them. So,
>> so what does happen at 501 today if
there's no agreement between the DoD and
Anthropic?
>> That's up to Secretary Hegsath. We have
some uh, courses of action that he's
considering. And uh ultimately this
comes down to the war fighter, right? It
comes down to uh for any AI system we
might use. Uh are we using it to protect
our war fighters in the right way? Are
we using it to sort of give them the
best tools to be efficient and to be
lethal when they have to be lethal? And
that's the primary thing in Secretary
Hegs's head. And we told them that
ultimately at the end of the day, we
follow the law, all laws. Um, but we
can't let any one company stand between
us and the war fighter. Uh, because they
don't make the rules. Congress makes the
rules. The president signed them. We
execute them and we do so safely.
>> Well, speaking of the president, has he
weighed in on this specifically? Has
there been discussions with him and
Secretary Hegth and yourself as well?
Uh this has all been internal to the
Department of War so far.
>> Okay. And then when it comes to
potentially the other AI negotiations
underway, what is going on right now
with XAI and to get Grock on classified
networks?
Well, we um I think the smart approach
uh when I came in at the Department of
War about nine months ago and looked at
what we were using AI for and it was
some pretty minimal use cases and given
the power of the technology and the
potential power to do good uh for the US
military both from an efficiency
standpoint and a strength standpoint. I
wanted to make sure we had a lot of
options. So, we went around and we've
launched Google for um for unclassified
networks. We've signed uh XAI for
classified and nonclassified networks
and we want to continue to provide
options to all uh all of our components
here at DO and that's what we'll
continue to do and it's just smart to
have more than one option so that we can
see the strengths and weaknesses of each
model and learn from them as the AI uh
revolution begins here.
>> Under Secretary Michael, is lethal
autonomy really so critical for future
national security?
>> Um it is. I mean, if you think about it
from a defense standpoint, whether it's
a drone swarm that's coming at a
military base, whether it's a hypersonic
missile coming at the United States,
where the reaction time against the sort
of uh, you know, how many weapons are
coming at you, you want to take them be
able to take them down uh potentially
faster than a human could alone if uh if
that's how it's done. And we're learning
from the Russia Ukraine war with the
drone swarms and so on and with the new
weapons that have been developed all
over the world that changed the name of
war, the game of warfare um that we've
got to respond and defend ourselves in
any way we can. The question is do you
have a human on the loop to make sure
that that we're monitoring these systems
and that's what we proposed in writing
in language that we always have human
oversight over these things but they're
necessary given what's happening in the
world. Emil, clearly the technology
these companies are producing is
tremendously powerful. Yet you believe
this individual is both a liar and has a
god complex. How concerned should the
American public be about individuals
like this running companies like this if
that's what you believe this person is?
Yeah, I think there's there's some
concern that, you know, when you have uh
leaders of some of these companies uh
talking about unemploying 70 million
Americans, the lawsuits they're under
for sort of scraping content um from
content publishers and having
billion-dollar lawsuits against them,
using that content to make profits. Uh
and then really what's concerning is
making their own policies
uh that sort of and could sit on top of
democratic policies that are voted on by
the people, passed by Congress, signed
by the president. You do have to worry
about are they taking it too far? Are
they trying to do and impose their own
views on the American people in an
undemocratic way? So I think those
things are going to be things we're
grappling with in society for the next
several years as these companies get
bigger and bigger.
>> We're looking forward to having the
conversation with you, sir. Thanks for
making time for us this morning. Miler
[music] there, the under secretary of
defense. Up next on the program, the
latest PPI data set to cross. We'll get
reaction from Alejandra Gindell of
[music] Ned Davis Research from New York
City. You're watching Bloomberg TV.
>> [music]
>> Session lows a wild ride into month end.
Equities down by 3/4 of [music] 1% on
the S&P. On the NASDAQ, a similar amount
on the Russell negative 1.3% in [music]
the bond market. Yields down across the
curve. Down by more than 25 basis points
on the month on 10s. A break of 4%
[music]
397. Yields lower by three basis points
on twos. A break of 340. $339.94
on a 2-year yield. With [music] your PPI
data, Mike McKe drops by for more. Good
morning, Mike.
>> Good morning, John. We come in hotter
than anticipated with the PPI for final
demand up half a percent, the same as in
December. The forecast was for a 3/10en
rise. Uh take out food and energy and
we're up 8/10 after 7/10 last month. And
uh take out trade to that and you're up
3/10en. That one's down just a little
bit. Last month we saw a big rise in
trade services and that is uh not
happening this month. On a
year-over-year basis headline 2.9 uh x
food and energy is 3.6 and x food and
energy trade 3.4. Uh the core rate the
3.6 6 is a significant increase over the
3.3% we saw last month. While the 2.9%
headline down a tick on a I guess basis
effect uh from last month. But these are
all important not just for the headline
numbers but because a lot of the PPI
feeds into the PCE which is of course
the Fed's indicator. I'll look some of
those up now while you're uh giving us
the market reaction to all those.
>> Mike McKe. Thank you sir. What do you do
with that? An upside surprise on PPI.
The yields were down was a break of 340
at the front end of the curve. We erased
some of that move. We're back to 340.
Tends were at about 397. We're back to
about 398. Yields are still lower on the
session. In the equity market, when the
data dropped, so did the stock market.
We're just about holding on to some of
those levels. On the S&P, we're down by
0.9, down by almost 1% on the NASDAQ.
Look, first look, just taking a step
back, there are some members of the
committee on the FOMC right now worried
about inflation. It's why they've
established, for some at least, a
prolonged pause at the Federal Reserve.
And if you're worried about a downturn
in financial markets and hoping the
Fed's going to step in and bail you out
with numbers like that, you're not going
to get a hand from the Federal Reserve.
>> What's interesting to me is that the
stock market responded more than the
bond market because yields are still
where they were. So, it's not exactly uh
underscoring any kind of acceleration in
economic growth. I mean, sure, you had a
little bit of a retracement of some of
the uh downward move in yields, but
still a bit into bonds, even as you have
inflation coming in hotter than
expected. So, what exactly is going on
here? What are people looking at if it
isn't inflation and if it isn't
necessarily the path of rate cuts by the
Federal Reserve, even if the stock
market is looking at just that?
>> Pure risk aversion at the moment, it
seems building over the past few weeks.
Mike's going through the numbers for us.
Upside price across the board here on
PPI. Mike, you're digging into it. What
do you see? Well, a couple of the things
that feed into PCE are up. Of course, uh
not uh not I don't have the exact way
they will feed in in terms of what they
will mean, but portfolio management,
which has been a problem, up one and a
half% and international airfares 4.3%.
So, some significant rises in some of
the things that will feed into the PCE
numbers. And given what we're seeing
here on the headline, uh it pretty much
guarantees that the January PCE numbers
uh are going to come in uh somewhere
around three or north of three and
that's not going to give the Fed any
kind of reassurance that inflation is
going toward their target.
>> Mike McKe, thank you sir. Stay close.
Got to talk about open AI as well
because AI and the economy right now is
basically the same thing. This headline
crossed just moments ago. OpenAI saying
Amazon will invest $50 billion. 50
billion the initial investment 15
billion. So OpenAI big capital raise
this year. Big year for that company
getting some money.
>> Yeah. And expanding their pack by over
hundred billion dollars over eight
years. Open AI with respect to AWS. Uh
what's interesting to me is how OpenAI
is trying to compete at the same time
that you have anthropic very much in the
news these days. I just wonder how much
of a battle it is and how much each of
them is trying to jostle for a leg up.
It's sort of like what's goes on
underneath the pile of bodies in a
football playing field. You don't
actually want to know. It kind of feels
like that right now.
>> $730 billion valuation. These valuations
are huge.
>> To the point that you made with Sevita
Supermanian, it's really interesting. If
they come, if they open if they IPO this
year, how much oxygen does that suck out
of the room? Where does all the money
come from? And what does that do to a
public equity market that has actually
been contracting over the number of past
number of decades? All of a sudden,
we're dealing with a pretty big
expansion.
>> Getting some details from OpenAI as well
on monthly active users, weekly active
users. 900 million now. That's the
latest number from them. So a big deal
between Amazon and OpenAI. And to go
back to your point, SpaceX, OpenAI,
Anthropic, we're talking about something
well north of a trillion pushing $2
trillion from three companies
potentially all IPOing in the next 12
months. crazy.
>> At the same time that people are
grappling with what exactly this
disruption will do and dealing with a
riskoff environment. Look, they're all
going to be doing road shows proving
their worth. We're going to hear a lot
more doom scrolling and the different
substacks explaining how transformative
this technology is going to be. If it is
going to be transformative in that kind
of way, given all the uncertainty in
markets, will they be able to raise that
money in the same kind of capacity that
they previously were expecting? How much
do market conditions play into when
these IPOs come to market? Mandy Singh
of Bloomberg Intelligence standing by
for this breaking news. Mandy, welcome
to the program. These are some big
numbers. How important is this
development?
>> I mean, it's huge when you think about,
you know, uh Open AI really starting off
with Microsoft and now branching uh into
this big partnership with Amazon. Uh I I
think it's really huge in that context.
And also you know Nvidia and OpenAI had
plans uh to uh kind of partner in in
terms of almost 100 billion. Now that
has come down to 30 billion and Amazon
is the one who is really stepping up and
there there is some mention about OpenAI
using tranium chips. So all in all you
see a big ecosystem shift here from you
know the open AAI original stack which
was Microsoft and Nvidia to now really
leaning towards Amazon and uh kind of
using Amazon's chips to uh develop
custom models and obviously the scale of
investment is huge and I think Amazon
didn't really have a choice given they
had talked about 200 billion in capex
this year and there wasn't any proof in
terms of what they were doing with that
$200 billion investment because they are
not training their own large language
model and uh the cloud growth is
trailing the other uh peers like
Microsoft and Google. So this was a step
that they had to take to really kind of
change something in terms of uh you know
their $200 billion in capex.
>> Mandy, what does their access to capital
look like at the moment coming into this
year? There were real conversations had
in financial circles about the
potential, not the high potential, but
the potential at least of this company
going bust and not raising enough
capital in the years ahead. How are
things shaping up now?
>> So, Open AI, as you rightly pointed out,
had talked about almost $1.4 trillion in
investments uh and uh you know, some
through partnerships, some of their own.
And now I think they're coming to the
realization that obviously Google has
caught up in terms of large language
models. Entropic models actually are uh
fairing better in some use cases. So
they really had to scale back their own
ambitions in terms of the capex that
they could put uh through the debt
market or private funding. And now
they're leaning more towards the
ecosystem where Microsoft I I think is
uh sort of scaling back here or at least
OpenAI and Microsoft are not getting
along that well and they had to find a
new partner for this capex buildout and
uh it looks like uh it will be Amazon
and and the thing about Amazon is Amazon
was a big investor in Anthropic. it
still has a pretty sizable stake there,
but uh clearly Anthropic has been using
Google more and they are leaning more
towards using Google Tpus and now Nvidia
has an investment in Anthropic as well.
So from that perspective, they're all
kind of using each other's cloud and
each other's chips now and uh it's all
about how much funds you can raise to
establish your lead. They're raising
serious money and developing serious
technology and Mandep that's hammering
the labor market if you work over a
block. I want to squeeze this in with
you. Your thoughts on this move 20%
rally in the pre-market on this name. Is
this the real deal?
>> I mean a lot of these companies are not
going to grow at the same rate that they
grew you know around the pandemic and uh
subsequently for the next one or two
years. So that given that growth rate is
decelerating for a lot of software
companies and there is more disruption
on the horizon I think fixing the cost
structure is is almost an imperative. Uh
obviously the 40% layoff was uh uh
pretty surprising in terms of the scale
but you you're better off doing it in
one round as opposed to having you know
three or four rounds of layoffs. So from
that perspective I I think uh we may be
surprised but they there could be bigger
announcements in terms of uh you know
the size of the layoffs.
>> Mandep thank you sir. A lot of us
abrasive for that. Mandep Singh there of
Bloomberg Intelligence. Joining us now
Alejandra Grindell of Ned Davis
Research. Alejandra welcome to the
program. We're talking about the economy
PPI talking about the labor market and
it takes us straight to tech. How would
you describe the moment we're in in this
economy?
>> Um a little uneasy. So, we saw the
inflation numbers come out this morning.
Um, we've been under the view that
inflation will remain hotter in the
first half of the year, probably
throughout most of the year, but more so
in the first half of the year, and this
latest data confirms it. Um, obviously,
we're still seeing tariff pass through.
Um, Mike McKe, I haven't had a chance to
look into the details, but Mike McKe
mentioned airfares, um, financial
products, that's going to feed into the
super core. So, obviously, a lot of
jitters on that point. Um, from the
broader economic standpoint, I mean, we
look at a a fair share of of pieces of
data that we use to gauge say recession
risk or even slowdown risk, and for the
most part, they're still holding up
reasonably well. Um so overall we think
the economy is hanging in there but with
the high inflation and then obviously a
lot of jitters on on the employment
front and all these announcements of
layoffs um we're we're we're sort of at
this um you know important juncture and
um I would say within the second half of
the year I think the Fed is going to
take a closer look at easing policy. I
think that's the bottom line
>> and it seems like Alejandro you're
looking at a bond market that is kind of
looking through a hot PPI. You're still
seeing bond yields lower at the front
end and yet there doesn't seem to be the
economic data that justifies it just yet
in the minds of a lot of economists who
come on this show. Do you think that
right now the bond market and frankly
economists are listening more to the
idea of what happened at Block than they
are about what's happening last month in
the jobs picture?
>> So yeah, I mean I think there's just a
lot of jitters. So, as we got into this
year, we knew the past two years and and
you know, broader equity markets have
been quite strong and this year maybe
not maybe may may not quite be as strong
just because we've had such a long run.
Sometimes it's really hard for it to
maintain that strong momentum. Um
there's also downside risk coming from
just, you know, regular cycle with
midterm elections. Um maybe a little bit
in the change in the Fed. Many times
markets tend to test the change in the
Fed as well. Um, so I think there's
there's some factors in there, but I
think, you know, the overlying view is
still continuation of um, US economic
growth.
>> How much how important is next Friday's
labor market report in light of some of
these jitters? In other words, how much
could a weak labor market report for
February spook economists much more and
highly disproportionately to one that
looks pretty good?
>> Yeah, I mean, we're definitely climbing
a wall of worry. So, I think if we do
get that weaker news with the labor
market, again, there's a lot of labor
market indicators we need to be looking
at besides one, but we know people tend
to respond quite a bit to the payrolls
report, um, I do think there would be a,
you know, a reasonably negative reaction
for sure.
>> The jobs report a week away. Alejandra,
appreciate your time. Alejandra Grenell
there of Ned Davis Research joining us
now to talk about this bond market, Ed
Auseni of Colombia Thread Needle. Ed,
welcome to the show. I guess we should
start with this. What are tens doing in
sub4%? What's driving us down?
Yeah, I mean look, I think the economic
backdrop that your guest just went
through is still quite stable. Um,
there's a little bit of upside risk to
inflation here at the start of the year.
That factor has been really well
socialized. But if you look at rates, we
have shifted our focus, I think, a
little bit away from the inflation story
and a little bit away from the labor
market story. And we're really focused
on the downside to risk. Reddit spreads
are unwinding. There's a bid for
liquidity. You see it very clearly in
private credit and equities are feeling,
you know, quite wobbly. So I think rates
are increasingly focused on the downside
to risk assets.
>> Is that something you're worried about,
Ed, or that opportunities opening up in
risk?
>> I think it's early days. They're
definitely, I think, opportunities
opening up in credit at a sector by
sector um uh basis. The software sector
has been beaten up. You can see some
early opportunities in the loans market
uh where the concentration of software
is really high. But if you take a step
back overall investment grade high yield
spreads are still extraordinarily tight
given the risks in front of us. So the
overall risk story is things are still
quite rich. Uh and so if you are a bond
investor at the moment, having a little
bit of your portfolio in a safe asset,
in a liquid asset like a treasury starts
to look a lot more attractive than it
did three or six months ago.
>> Ed, earlier this year, everyone was
going into emerging markets into the
developing world. They thought that it
was going to benefit disproportionately
from a global growth boom. And I wonder
if you think it's the same with respect
to AI developments and displacements in
the labor market. Do you think that
people are overlooking the displacement
that could happen in developing markets
as they look to diversify away from the
United States?
>> Boy, that's such a that's an
extraordinarily hard question. Um, I
feel like I don't have a lot of smart
things to say in terms of the impact the
AI is going to have on labor markets.
It's in many ways a little bit more of a
medium-term story.
The shorter term concern here is much
more focused on financial markets, much
more focused on the damage that AI is
doing to risk valuations and that can
happen in the course of the next couple
of months. That can happen in the next
in the course of the next couple of
weeks. Um the labor market story is
going to be with us for a long time. I
think we're going to be debating the
impact of AI and labor markets on
productivity for years to come.
um markets tend to be a little bit more
short-term focused and at the moment the
clear risk is downside to equities,
downside to credit valuations and this
bid for um essentially safe haven.
>> What happens globally is is I think an
outstanding question.
>> Well, um Ed, and I'm sure that we'll
have to look at that in the months and
years ahead. I'm just wondering how much
of this risk aversion you see is
stemming from private markets. uh in
particular some of the recent jitters
that we've seen around loans and around
BDC's.
>> Absolutely. I think the the clue that
I'm getting from those markets is not
necessarily that default risk is
spiking. It's more a symptom of the fact
that there's a bid here for liquidity.
Investors are becoming appropriately
more nervous given the starting
valuations in these risk assets at the
beginning of the year. They're looking
for that liquidity and you're not going
to find it in private markets. You're
not going to find it in private credit.
Uh that's why those valuations are
getting dinged. It's much more that bid
for liquidity. And that's confirmed by
what we're seeing in rates. It's
confirmed by what we're seeing in the
bid for uh highquality bonds. um when we
zoom out and we look at perhaps the
second part the second half of the year
I think that default risk is going to
come more into focus if the economy
slows if the labor market slows uh those
default risk expectations are going to
have to move higher uh and investors are
going to essentially demand a much
higher ris risk premium than they do at
the moment
>> Ed it's good to see you interesting
thoughts Ed Husani there of Columbia
thread interesting thoughts on this bond
market and a word of caution in there
too with 10 sub 4% % even with a hot
print on PPI.
>> That screams to him risk aversion ahead
and it isn't done with respect to credit
widening, credit spread widening as well
as equity risk off.
>> Up next on the program, we'll recap this
morning. What a busy morning this
morning. We'll look ahead to the weekend
of course and to next week. Payroll
Friday just around the corner.
>> [music]
>> I've maintained my openness to continue
dialogue through that deadline. Um, but
they've seemed to have launched sort of
a PR campaign that was planned well
before these negotiations sort of
restarted on Tuesday. Um, so I don't
know. say their behavior is frankly
unpredictable. I'm not sure what to
[music] expect.
>> That was the US under secretary of
defense Emil Michael weighing in on the
tension between the government and
anthropic [music] right now. And this
unfortunately has become very very
public
>> which is so interesting. This is public.
This is out in the discourse about what
[music] they actually are fighting over
in terms of rules of the road when using
AI. He said it was surprising that
[music] Anthropic cut off negotiations I
guess statement last night. But at the
same time, he did say to Daario, "We
will [music] we will be willing to have
these conversations today." So, I don't
know, potentially they get to some sort
of agreement by 501.
>> Look, this agree disagreement highlights
[music] how transformative AI is going
to be and how some of the tech
executives are holding uh strings that
[music] are making some people at the
government uncomfortable. How that
conversation evolves is going to be of
the utmost importance and I think a lot
of people [music] are watching.
>> Unclear if we pass this deadline what
happens. There is a deadline. Here's the
treading diary. Let's talk about that
deadline. 50:01 p.m. Eastern time, the
deadline for Anthropic to make a deal
with the Pentagon. Into next week,
Monday, ISM manufacturing data. [music]
Tuesday, results from Target. Wednesday,
the Fed's Beige Book and earnings from
Broadcom. Thursday, another round of
claims plus results from Costco. Then
the big one, the payrolls report just
around the corner. Now, typically I'd
tease Monday and say coming up on
Monday, but things are changing here at
Bloomberg TV. Coming up tomorrow, the
premiere of Bloomberg The Weekend hosted
by Bloomberg's David Gura, Christina
Rafini, and Lisa Mateo. [music] This
weekend, David Gura, good to see you,
sir.
>> Good to see you as well. I blame you for
this. The real my fault, the real
surveillance heads, the OG surveillers
will remember every Friday used to tweet
weekend. And I think our bosses took
that as a call to action and now they've
launched [laughter] this show. True.
>> Uh, we will be live every Saturday and
Sunday 7 to 10. And obviously a lot is
happening over the course of the
weekend, major events, small ones too.
Uh we're going to be covering those live
on air on TV and radio streaming as
well. Uh but this also just gives us an
opportunity to have some broader deeper
conversations about the news in the past
week and what's coming up as well. So
I'm embracing it.
>> We got to take a breath. Yes. Exhale.
>> Been breathless over the past two months
and we've said this feels like the
longest quarter in financial history and
there's still one more month to go. What
kind of things are you and a team going
to focus on given the kind of things
we've seen with block with AI the
tension with anthropic the conversation
we had with the government just moments
ago?
>> Yeah, I I was thinking how
[clears throat] often we get letters,
emails, notes from chief chief
economists kind of not on the data
release of the week or what's happening
in the markets but stepping back more
broadly to have conversations about
productivity and AI. We're going to
feature a lot of those longer form
conversations. We're going to focus more
on politics as well. Paul Jeff, the
minority leader, is going to join us on
the show tomorrow on the heels of that
Democratic retreat up the PTOAC River
outside of of DC. So, um, we're going to
be keenly focused on markets in the
economy over the course of the weekend.
Tomorrow, Birkshshire Reports, which I
was not expecting, but there is a
company that reports on a Saturday.
>> Greg Ael is going to give us his his
first uh annual letter tomorrow. We'll
be covering that live at 8:00 in the
morning. Uh, and then focusing on
politics as well.
>> Looking forward to it, David.
Congratulations. Great to have you back
on the TV over the weekend, too. Are the
donuts going to be in the middle?
>> We'll see. We're going to make everyone,
please. Okay, we'll be gl 7 a.m. Did you
negotiate that?
>> Well, it's very early, Joe. Not for you,
but
>> No, that's nothing. Should we take 7
a.m.?
>> That would be amazing.
>> You'd like 7 a.m.?
>> Yeah.
>> 7 a.m.
>> Be lifeanging.
>> Complete wake up call.
>> I'd love that. 7 [laughter] a.m. sounds
great.
>> Trying to
>> tune in tomorrow, of course. 7 a.m.
Eastern time for the premiere of
Bloomberg this weekend. Coming up on
Monday, Lori Calverina of RBC Capital
Markets joins us. Kathy Jones of Charles
Swab, Barbara Reinhardt of Voya
Investment Management, Daryl Kron of
Wells Fargo. Plus, a big conversation at
2 pm Eastern time Monday. Catch Lisa's
interview with the JP Morgan Chase
chairman and CEO Jamie Diamond. And I
imagine the word cockroaches is going to
come up in this a few times.
>> Yeah, the big question about how much
the cockroaches are coming to the
surface with respect to private credit
concerns and what he sees there. He's
been very vocal about that. The idea
that, you know, clearly there's some bad
actors here. He also has been really
vocal on artificial intelligence and
what that's doing to the workforce. So
those two ideas are actually working in
tandem. the disruption that's causing
some of these cockroaches to come to the
surface. His words and uh what that
does.
>> And I wonder if he's going to tell you
who he thinks lately is doing some dumb
things.
>> Probably not. But yeah, [laughter] maybe
>> some dumb things are happening in
finance. That's for sure.
>> Yes.
>> And some big moves are happening in
financial markets. The most interesting
time in financial markets for a long,
long time. Going into the opening bell,
just around the corner, 35 minutes away,
futures as session lows were
negative0.8%
on the S&P 500. In the bond market,
yields breaking through 4%, 398. We're
down two basis points. Even with a hot
PPI print just 25 minutes ago.
>> This to me is a huge moment. The idea
that you could get data that goes
against the move that you're seeing the
bond market. The bond market says to it,
I don't think so. And keeps going. That
tells you something.
>> From New York City, you [music] don't
get to rest. We're even here on the
weekend. From New York City this
morning, good morning. Thank you for
choosing Bloomberg TV. This was
Bloomberg Surveillance.